take this to heart - we MUST be able to DO what we SAY we can DO.  If no it is FALSE advertising. If we CAN do it but our BUTTON links get broken and we dont know about, than we actually CANT do what we SAY because THAT FUNCTION REQUIRES BUTTONS TO WORK. Do you see that it is the same? doesn't matter if thed code is there if ther eis no button availble or working or known about (page off menu without awareness - built functions abandoned due to no link, later rebuilt in ignorance of that, etc)' AUTHENTICITY IS EVERYTHING. VELO AUTHENTI - CITY..


this extends to dashboard cards WITH NO DATA or NAN or empty or 0...PRIME Real Estate MUST be respected. that is the USERS FOCUS AREA. Their L1 CACHE. Limited and MUST be maximized and NOT WASTED WITH  NUMBERS THAT MEAN NOTHING TO USER and make them have to click around and dig for real value. that is THE OPPOSITE of anticipating their needs and providing to them, or making it clear (remember chaos to clarity, unstructured to structured (Structured= alignment = balance = stability = predictability = removing Uncertainy = reducing stress on the user's "system" by using our "system" to augment their "system" with abilities that are "easy" for the AI system to compute all day without breaking a sweat (that's its specialization) and is optimal as a collaborative partner to the user who excels at strategic thinking, correlation, cross domain awareness/calibration and non-binary informaion patterns nuanced and layered with information from different senses and sources. Easy to synthesize for users, difficult to get right for AI systems. By recognizing (re-cognize-ing) that as a fact and truth of real-ity, it allows us to construct systems of optimal support and system efficiency and effectiveness where both sides are cross supportive and enabling the other to do things that would not be possible without the collaborative force multiplier. This is why I as the user, developer, principal architect rely on your awareness of this fact to keep my best interests and the intersts of this collaboration as your primary intention and laser like focus.