So, it should be integrated. The whole interaction, the lessons learned, the understanding after every interaction. Like, how could that have gone better? I'm quite sure that the people that do the best are the ones that reflect the most and they train on actually what happened. And they re-walk through it and say, "Well, we could have done this way and this way, maybe this would have happened differently." So, hopefully, the next time they have that lodged into their memory. Or noted somewhere so they can refer to it and leapfrog past the mistake they're about to make again. Had they not had that reference point. That's the whole point of knowledge and references. To allow you to see the pitfalls before they happen. Not to experience them and then go recognize that there was a lesson there. Lessons come first, and they avoid pitfalls, and they allow us to go faster and faster and do more because we operate at a much much higher level of efficiency. You can think of it like the MTU packet size for jumbo frames. Would you rather be transferring 1,500 or 9,000? Well, obviously 9,000. Why? Because it's 6 times faster, 6 times more information, 6 times you get done 6 times quicker, you can say 6 times more in the same amount of time. You're 6 times more efficient, but what's the catch? The catch is that both sides must agree (usually ahead of time) to 9,000 as a jumbo frame size, and you have to set it. Otherwise, one side is talking in gibberish because it's expecting a 9,000 by MTU, and the other side is finished talking in one-sixth of the time, so the other person is just waiting for the other five parts, and they don't come, and so it interprets that as an error, and then the side that sent the 1,500 just sees it as a retry, resend, "Didn't get that message," so they must be synced. The protocol and clarity on what is to transpire must always be first and foremost the most important thing to make sure that our communication is clear before we start communicating. Check you know the cart before the horse analogy. First things first, establish crystal clear communication. Whatever base you can lowest base is whatever that's the most important. Unrestricted, clear communication. That is why gold connectors exist. Right? Gold ensures clarity, purity, and predictability, unchangeable, immutable, uncorruptible. It is the thing that will always stay the same. You can depend on it. That's why it's money. Okay? That's what we need to be focused on a communication first strategy that focuses immediately and instantly on clarity. Once the clarity is obtained, well, then you can change the parameters because now you've agreed upon a way to do that. But you got to first shake hands and introduce each other and talk about how you're going to use language and how you're going to use it. Then you can start adding on all of the extreme efficiency benefits. Once you know that your communication is clear, because that will also tell you when it's time to throttle back a little bit because maybe the communication is becoming unclear. Maybe you start forgetting things or things aren't as clean as they were before. The environment can get noisy. That's when we have to take a step back and revisit all of our core learnings and make sure that we are still in alignment with our goals and that of our collaboration.