Also, something to note: anything that is a variable that is not standard and that may vary depending on the company that's hiring or the staffing agency or anyone else. Any other industry or reason why variables might exist that are not consistent across industries or across that function. We need to have that be adjustable and we need to also have a way to add a note or some additional charge to the overtime like a modifier on top of that. It might be 1.5% plus another 5% for overhead or for management, or just the option to be able to add something so that it's custom and the client doesn't have to remember that fact in their head. It's this plus that other thing I can't put in the system but I just have to remember that's an add-on cost. If I don't remember that, it's going to bite me later because I will not have foreseen that or forecasted because it's not in the system. But remember this is key: anything that we can store and tag, organize and associate on the user's behalf that increases their productivity and their ability to generate insights from it or retrieve it quickly on demand or that just takes it off of their own internal workflow and workload, their mental workload to manage that detail. We want to take that on because that is something that takes minimal, almost zero effort on the tool side. And on the human side, it takes a huge effort and it affects everything else. Because the stress, the constant potential anxiety about not forgetting that thing because of the ramifications of that across the spectrum for work. To be seen as someone who is forgetful or who isn't thorough or doesn't do their due diligence could be potentially catastrophic to one's career. So that little fact, that little detail - don't forget to add the additional cost to every overtime hour worked. Otherwise, we will go over budget or we will lose money on the project or we won't be able to accurately forecast and know what our spend is going to be and on all of the things related. Which will make us look like we didn't do our due diligence. Right? So again, that little fact which seems insignificant in the user's mind, if they can't record it, if they can't put it somewhere and know that it will be remembered, it will give them instant relief. Instant. Just to release that little fact. You know, add 5% to each overtime hour for XYZ, save now that's part of the config for every single time that individual or that category gets used. 5% add-on overtime hours. So that, take that entire concept I just described of that tiny little silly little thing. Sounds silly but expands into something that's potentially work-life affecting until that relief comes and they can release that. It's like noise. That you know, it's like being in a loud room that you want to leave from. Okay? It allows you to leave the room and leave all that stuff in the room. You just drop off your stuff. Maybe it's like a kid. Kid wants to go to the arcade or something or a birthday party in their park or wherever and they're loud and they're continually asking and they're in your ear and they're in your mind and you can't focus because they're so interested in what they want to do. Then you take them (let's say you take them to the arcade). And you walk in and all you can hear is noise, games, kids, and you barely hear yourself talk. You drop them off with some friends and you leave. Get back in your car. It's quiet, silent. You are once again with your own thoughts. You dropped off that chaos and you know that two hours later you'll be back to get them so now you have predictability. Now you don't have anxiety, now you don't have uncertainty about what the next two hours are going to bring you. It's going to bring you just constant noise that you're not going to be able to think or work. You're going to operate at 300 baud instead of a gig. That's why you have to have a place to drop off these little nagging thoughts that can really undermine lots of things if we're not careful and destabilize the system.