Note that for the project management piece, you gotta see it through the eyes of Ben, Ben is the current manager of the projects who is overwhelmed and overloaded and having a difficult time even corresponding because he's so buried. So think about the methods that you're aware of for getting data into the projects, the voice agents which will ask the right questions in the probe and the web form. It's another way. Uploading a picture of a whiteboard that has details on it. That'd be another way. All those ways have to be present at the MVP to demonstrate specifically for project management. So there's really two primary demos: one for the BMS portion for procurement, for the head of procurement there, and then there's one for the project management team, and that's going to go over specifically the project management tools, input, the analysis of projects, scoping projections and figuring out what each project is deficient, what information needs to be known to generate a list of questions and action items for people that are close to it so they can get the data and bring it back into the system so we can properly analyze it. Prioritize and provide real useful actionable information that will give them clarity vs the chaos they're currently in. That's the whole idea. That's very important. So set that in stone like that's critical for the MVP as well. To have an amazing project management piece and it has to have everything that they would expect to have in a project management including properly working dashboards with schedules and forecasts and editable things and sortable things right? All this standard stuff. There's nothing new here. We know how to do this. We can do it in our sleep. We just need to make sure we follow the guidelines and we don't drop anything. We have all the resources available, all of the documentation and the guidance. The guidance is already on the system. It's in the Replit MD, it's in the college-based files, it's in the file system and the INSITE files and we can always search if we need to. So there are no roadblocks; we just need to get it done. 