concept of mini dashboards or like expandable dash. So like maybe you might have four different views with different dashboards, different cards, different charts, different indications of what's happening at the moment. Different views, right? And so you just have a graphical command center with a stylized like a rotating wheel, a commander's wheel or something that you can click on any one of them and they graphically expand into the dashboard that has all those insights and you can click it again and it will like minimize itself in a cool stylized way, okay? This is for a innovative car manufacturer. So you can think about like those styling cues but maybe yeah, maybe that's what you know. The landing page is beautiful stylized it has key information on it that they wanna see at a glance that they can identify and then they can engage with any of it by clicking on the picture instead of the menu item or they can click the menu item. This is a concept so that all the dashboards are kind of on one dashboard. They're just embedded and expand from it or something cool and stylish. I don't know what tail-end. Admin has tail-end or whatnot but what do they have? Like what would be options to upscale even just the interactivity, the loading icons, the going between pages, the navigation, the arrows? And that's another thing is workflow indicators. Every section should have an overview tool tip. That outlines the process flow and where they are and what the next logical step would be if they were doing X or Y or whatever and where they came from and where they're going and what the end goal is so there's clarity no uncertainty no uncertainty know exactly what you're doing where you're going where you are how long it's gonna take to get there what you're gonna need alright? You're going on a journey every single ticket or issue that you want to find out about or solve or whatever for create it's a journey you start off at the beginning you go you get your marching orders okay what's this one about you go to this place okay we've got a great one for this person now I'm gonna go over here to this place give this information to this agent they're gonna do this thing they're gonna give it to this guy then he's gonna do this then it's gonna go over here then it's going to trigger this right and eventually you'll end up at the fulfillment the culmination of your journey your destination which is the place where you are now holding the thing that you created throughout the journey that you built upon you get to the end and there it is there's your completed thing at your destination and you're handing it to the person who requested it uses built it on the way over right and so knowing that that's how every single thing occurs right there's an idea or a notification and a journey needs to be started with a single step but you gotta if you want to get there efficiently and fast and ensure predictability for you and for the person who's waiting or the stakeholder then you got to be able to predict accurately forecast how long it's gonna take each stage account for things you don't expect et cetera Sun Tzu again know yourself and know your enemy know yourself and know your opponent or your market and victory is never in question but you gotta know yourself and you gotta know why you know yourself you can't know yourself through someone else's opinion or assumption you have to know yourself through data you yourself have measured analyzed in conformity is valid and authentic and representative of truth