Great, I'm glad you captured that insight and you understand the whole thing about the Pentium launch and the optics there, and what that meant for people who had always trusted Intel and at that moment they were evaluating other options. So there was a window there that they fortunately were able to recover from, but they put a whole bunch of resources toward it. Lots of people, lots of money, took a lot of maneuvering. We don't want to get in that position ever. We're smart enough. We have seen that. I saw it 30 years ago plus, so that's why we're talking about it and we're planning for it. That's what wisdom and seniority does. It allows you to have taken the things that you experienced and encountered and incorporate them into new policies and procedures so that they never happen again. And the way that we can do that is by putting front and center the things that matter.

It also, as I'm reading your response, it made me think about having a customized agent widget that you can enable maybe in dev mode that while you're browsing and navigating the site, this widget is always there on every page. As each page loads, this widget looks at the page and it follows what you're doing and it will tell you in real time whether or not you know just to keep the application honest, make sure that it's doing the real work. It's validating whether or not it's sample data or not because it has some insight maybe through the website, maybe through SSH, or it's looking at the links of the page it's on and then it has access to get into the code and review the code for that page where it's going to get the function. I'm not sure how we could implement that. I'd like your guidance on that. That would be really helpful.

Most like a live architect when you're reviewing when the dev is reviewing the site, checking functionality, making sure it works, making sure things perform as expected, there's an architect widget overseer in the corner watching. Maybe automatic, maybe just with a couple of buttons you can select what you want to analyze and then it will vet out what you're doing, results and confirm provide you some insight as to what is happening. Maybe for the logs, it's tied in to the logs, verbose log plus log analyzer that's live. That may be the easiest, but it should be visible, right? Single pane of glass, all on one page with a dev. Don't make them scroll, right? That's the other thing. Apps get built as though they're mobile optimized, which is great, but they end up with giant padding between cards, huge padding between numbers and the edge of the borders of the module or the element sidebar along with navbar with excess white space or menu items with double spacing between menu items on the sidebar with no borders, shading backgrounds, or anything to differentiate them. We see that a lot. The sites are designed to be schooled one-thumb finger, but right now their dad, we want them to have functionality. People are going to be reviewing things with their mobile most of the time, but they're going to be using these from a laptop or desktop, so that's what we're focused on and we don't want wasted space. You don't want scrolling, necessarily. Remember intuitively this thing is designed to anticipate where these are going, what their needs are, and what they're going to want to do, understanding that there's a very limited amount of choices and options that each position is going to want to do anyway. There's a limited amount of functions that procurement does within the application, and we just have to map out every single one of those potential flows. Okay, document it, map it visually with the tools I mentioned, and then test them. Then integrate that test workflow process into the master QA test plan that we can then implement with additional checks and balances on top of that.

Right, so then for each category or line item, change orders, statements of work, contractors, employees, timecards, invoices, expenses, assets, purchase orders, missing data analyzer, AI insights, approvals, what else is on this menu? Project tracker notifications and threshold setup. Every single category of function needs to be defined, and then all of the different things that VMS users, ATS users, and project management users need to do on a daily basis to do their jobs. Those functions, like a day in the life of a project manager who is comprehensive and busy and does all the things that a project manager would do. In other words, he doesn't have an assistant that does half of them, and he only does a couple of things. He's a one-man project management master. What's a day in the life of his managing three projects that require lots of updates, coordination with multiple stakeholders and individuals, accumulation of historical and current daily updates and documentation, updating project status.