I need you to note this concept somewhere where we won't forget it: We have to standardize on page formats for display. So, for instance, contractors and timecards and invoices and expenses are all basically the same format. We've got a few cards up top with high-level summaries and dashboard-like information, which is taking up more space than it needs to. It could be half that height and still have the same information in it. So please adjust that so we're not wasting space for no reason. That's prime real estate, right? We don't just give that away for nothing. There are many things that could go there for contractors that would be valuable. So let's just think. Also, the tab menus underneath those particular cards, they're a little bit muted because kind of cool. I'm not sure what I think about it, but it looks like everything is smoked a little bit, like under a little light gray. But the indicators underneath them that say "all needs attention", "ending soon", "pending approval" that you sort on, they really need to be outlined in some color. They need some differentiation. Okay? Really important. That we get that. But I do like on the contractor on the tooltips there just "edit open form to update contractor info", that's good. Extend message chat. Now the open chat to the contractor opens up his detailed page, which is all right, but it's too much. It needs to be toned down a little bit and there's too much spread across the page. You can simplify. Like tighten it up and make it clearer to understand. Get rid of a lot of that white space and then we need a little area where you can chat with Terrell or chat with the person. So a little window where you say "send him a message" and we send him a chat message and we have or something which goes into his account here. Either chat like a live chat which we could send. We could send him 11 Labs AI Bot phone call from here from an AI that's designed to gather information like his timecard information. That's what we need. Integrate this the Time Card Voice Capture Bot which is on the Time Card page which we can schedule to call them, let's say, every day at 5 p.m. and within that component we can select which agent from a list of agents that we have available will be called, or will call out, let's say the TimeGuard agent, when it will call, and who it will call. And so, the who would be a list of all the contractors, or anybody that it would have any need to call. So that the admin can hit a button and select all, or they can selectively click on contractors' names. So that they'll get the call from that AI agent and those timecard information will be captured. I will provide you the 11Labs link for that, but I need you to create the page for it and link in the access to the contractors database area where we could not just list them but mark them for this service and then save it as an active profile or an active trigger or whatever you call it. So that now from then on you know you can have it be recurring. Give me one time or a recurring on different schedules and then we need to have a calendar or place where we can then look at that schedule and see which agents are scheduled and which contractor lists those agents will be phoning to capture that data. OK, so just create that structure. I have the agents for, you know just create the place where that link can go and make the page, you know have a legendary status like everything else.