The gallery should be, the gallery module should be available to use in the portals as well, so that the users and the vendors can upload images and documents and share them with each other, or some of them with each other, post them on shared work spaces, and they can get their uploaded batch which needs to be an option anywhere that's a single. It's pretty rare that you would have a batch option built in. So factor that in anywhere where I believe one image or multiple or an image one document on the left hand side. There is always a need to do that even with contract analysis. And there should be a way to run a five contract that are part of the same proposals and they need to have head-on involvement and roles against each other, some ability to break them and turn them into dashboard graphic representations as well as text presentations. That's what you should do. The legendary status should give you a presentation where it grabs dashboards, and it uses them to assist in the description and the communication of the important aspects of those documents contracts whether they are an Amazon or not. Again visual representations carry tremendously more weight pictures open houses than words. Visuals can stimulate multiple multi-dimensional multi arena multi-field multi-domain insights and recognitions only connections between those domains in an instant anyway multiple things at once all meet visually and conceptually and potentially emotionally. We wanted to leverage our mission just to inform and remove uncertainty in every way possible. One of our ways is to make sure our users capture the information they need to see and keep it in their mind. We do that as we present in a way that goes on. Otherwise the best chance is flat unfortunately we don't know the strategies and certain combinations of things to include sound gamification, stimulation which is well placed as it relates to animations again flow, pulse, you have some of that which are really cool I'm making icons like this. Our cubes, I think we need more cubes we need a cube builder so that you can build cubes like the ones you have in the anti-reduce mix and they can assign gamification or other thresholds to the cubes or to one of the quadrants of the cubes. And then the centaur rating is the category of the cube percentage relates to some value. You can just tell it what you want it to be like I want that to be the remaining time in this contract's SOW warranty say oh this will mean end of warranty on all Dell laptops and marketing department that upgraded last Um, refresh. We'll do a refresh. And then you could have another one that says it's just designated for single assets. Information about a single thing versus information about a group or category of things versus information about whatever the next level up or down, you know, from that is indicated by some... Maybe something. So it- People could sort of define their own awareness triggers and how they'll type anything into company with projects with situations and then use that information to alert themselves and potentially trigger other actions like an email, right? Or an MCP to an review the contract that hit the threshold. Figure out the best solution and then email the top three choices to the top stakeholder responsibly email and give them the option to click a link which takes them into their portal where they can log in and see their choices and just click on one do a couple clicks and then auto generate the email with appropriate information that puts personal life and they can review it just you have to include some gamification stimulation which is well placed as it relates to animations again flow pulse you have some of that icons like our cube. So we need more cubes. And the cube builder so that we can build cubes like the ones that you have in the anti-rape insights and they can assign gamification or alerts, thresholds to the cubes or to one of the quadrants of the cube. The center is the category of the cube percentage relates some value you can specify just tell it what you want it to be like I want that to be the remaining time in this contract's SOWs warranty. Say oh this will mean the end of warranty for all Dell laptops in marketing department that graded at the last year. ... test, um, refresh. We'll do a refresh. And then you could have another one that says... It's just designated for single assets. Information about a single thing versus information about a group or category of things, versus information about whatever the next level up or down, you know, that is indicated by some... Maybe something. So it- could sort of define their own and email ... review the, the contract and hit the threshold. Figure out the best solution and then mail the top three choices to the top stakeholder responsible. You know, and then give them the option to click a link which takes them into their portal where they can log in, see their choices and just click on the one. Do a couple of clicks and auto-generate the email with appropriate information that's personalized, and they can review it and- just hit Accept or send it or track it into the custody. And then everything's done through this portal. It's a real source of truth. It's a glass that moves in a certain deep chaos into clarity. 