Remember the motto: Chaos to Control. We're taking a chaotic situation with a lot of noise, we're acting as a noise canceller, removing the noise, giving them back the peace and the ability to function with a clear head, and showing them exactly what needs to be done in the order optimally to be done to get the biggest return for the least amount of expenditure in the fastest amount of time. So, acting as their advocate, their consultant, their project manager assistant, all at the same time while watching the numbers etc. and helping them plan for contingent workforce challenges as well as the day-to-day operations like what's the forecast projects over six months but also what are they issue today? Up today 100 individuals need to get their time cards done and submitted before a certain time today. Well, how do we do that? Well, good thing we have a Velocity time card. Conversational AI that you can click a button or call them and they will grab your time card information in about 30 seconds and then you're done from anywhere at any time or they can call you at a particular time every week or every day if you like. And then you get that off your plate. So that's the idea. It's like you take a problem that traditionally has been hard to solve and required its own systems and forms in taking pictures from cell phones and OCRing and all the stuff. There are different solutions for that and that's great, but maybe the simplest solution is just to pick up a phone, dial a number, and speak just as you would a person and know that they've captured it all, repeated back to what they got so you know it's good, you approve it, and then it's done. It's off your list. And all the people that need that habit within a minute of your appointment. Getting their notification that it needed to be submitted. That's what we're talking about. And then you're moving on. You're not thinking about time card. Did you get it? Do I have to resend it? Is that going to be on my due to do this later? Because you've already done it. You can move on to the next thing and be efficient and know that once you're done it's being handled. You have your own personal assistant so to speak for all these different areas that know what the contingencies are for success. They know what the pitfalls are and the things to avoid. They can see the history, they can project what may be the future, and try to keep you where you need to be as your advocate and champion. Go to battle for you when you need it for the things that are time-consuming and take your energy away from managing the kingdom, so to speak, or the domain that you were managing. They do that by doing some of the heavy lifting, maybe that's a good analogy too, doing some of the legwork, kind of the grunt work, the mule work. So if you have to construct an email to a vendor, a client, a staffing agent, an employee, and you know the fact that you have to come up with the content for the email contextually with the topic, purpose, desired outcome, justification, whatever it may be that's taxing. That takes time. It's an unknown quantity. You have to do the research. And you don't know how long it's going to take. You want to make sure you're thorough. Meanwhile, you have 100 other things to do, and that's just a lot of data now that you have to flush your L1, L2, L3 cache out to disk while you process this email even though the email may be much further down the list of importance considering these other fires that you're fighting. But it has to get done, and then the email is on a time constraint that you just got to get that answer out before you can get to this other stuff. So the length of that answer is going to determine when the other stuff gets addressed, and that's a problem because the other stuff is more important. But there's no one else to do the one thing for that person or whatever. So, in that case, the AI agent can literally write the email for you in the context, voice style, including the detail or not that you choose, directly pulled from the case record. It would have the ticket ID, an item ID, a justification or reason, maybe the documentation that's in question, maybe it was a contract that was reviewed and found to be missing a clause or did not address the 4-hour SLA upcharge for a service company or whatever the case may be. Let's say they got flagged through the AI analysis through one of the inspector lenses and presented to the user with several options being one-click options to create the exact correspondence that you want that addresses this missing piece asks for it to be rectified carefully and nicely with customer context. Then, literally drafts the email to the exact content, completely filled out and ready to go in a queue for you to review along with other emails at the end of the process. So you can go in there and say, "Looks good, looks good, okay, let's edit this one and use this voice instead of this," or "I don't want to position it like that," or "Actually, they did," I realized they did pay this, "So you make a tweak, have it give you another version," okay, "That one looks good, and submit that through." And then those emails go out, and then they update Velocity, update into internal logic, the notification schedule and thresholds change or get modified to now notify you 3 days later if you haven't received your response or whatever criteria you set up for those particular messages given their sensitivity level, what they applied to, how many people are affected, how much money, all those things that you could decide what trigger is based on multiple factors. 