Yes, so there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to define specifications for the different types of pages based on the specialists and then create those templates so that we know how those will format and align and layout. We can look at them and agree, and I can look at them and say, "Yeah, I like this for the detail page, I like this for the triage, I like this for the 50,000-foot view, I like this as a dashboard layout. It has good balance; it has all the design elements that I can get behind and I can exclaim about because, as a developer, I need to be able to exclaim to my teammates and to the client why we did what we did and not explain right.

We're doing all this ultimately for the user who's going to use this platform, but there's also things for me as a user, as a developer, that I need to support you and the users and the company and my stakeholders and constituents. If I can't get what I need, then nobody gets what they need, including you or the client or my collaborators. The more you can help me to be efficient and keep track of all the things that we need to keep track of and not forget to remind to go back 5-10 chats and do a quick review to make sure we didn't miss any insights, any to-do tasks that we overlooked because we got overzealous and jumped into something else before we finished something. That's what I really need help on critically; that's what I depend on you on is the research, the parsing, the analysis, and keeping track of the details, which are things that you are exceptional at. I focus on the strategy and the bridging of the two worlds of the virtual world, magic, the DAISY system that they will be interfacing with, and the backend strategy that we are collaborating on as well as working with their side of it as well.

I've got a lot on my plate, and building these example pages, even though they're like, "So, what you got to build 5-6 extra template pages which are just going to sit there in an admin section that we can review and label as the preferred type of format to use for displaying certain types of data that will help me and it will also help me feel relief and comfort knowing that we are applying the same to each page in any future pages and that we can change them all as well by changing that template and then everything else it refers to it changes." That's important; it needs to be linked to a design template that they all feed off of or something like that. Does that make sense? And that way, we can also then have those separately displayed so that we can work with the client to really refine them to make sure that they are also aesthetically pleasing and to them and what they would be looking for. This goes along with what we were discussing with the icons and their ability to customize them in so and gamify. I could see a situation where they've got all these squares up on the top underneath their menu telling them different things that they understand because they built those, but no one else would understand. So, they mean something specifically to them. I think there's something very powerful in that. 