I think I think the header could hold some additional information. It looks like it's block size. I think if we look what the title says it says complete directory of your AI agents with IDs, links and embed codes. Who are they talking to? Right? We have to ask ourselves this. Who is that language talking to? That language is talking to developers. It's not talking to users of this system who are in procurement and in project management and staffing. This is for engineers tools so you have to look at it through the right lens so multi-lens comes into play here so you got to look at it through that from there in a standpoint what are they expecting what do they want to see what is going to make them excited and become exclaiming evangelists of the platform. How can we show them that we're there to literally solve their pain points and make their lives better not make them adapt to some archaic system that is a pain in the butt to use and integrate and work with. No, we can do it securely, we can have fun with it or let them customize it to where they enjoy using it. It brightens their day, right, so gamification that's another thing that we can explore methods for that but back to this eleven labs page so complete directory of AI agents. Now, I have to change that. I'm going to take out the eleven labs. They don't need to know that. Alright these are what are they business artificial intelligence business associates colleagues concierge whatever the term is agent you can call them an agent or we can come up with another better name or maybe it's a hybrid name or something but anyway and we're looking at the main seven I have identified um seven the one starts with 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 okay those are the ones that we want to list those seven and one is general site and you can take notes here you can put this description general site is the um it's like the help bot for the website like how you use it aspects of the site itself and interacting with data Project Capture is the questioner that you can call up and she will ask you questions about your project you can take two minutes or 20 minutes describing it she'll gather all the data and then in a transcript essentially and asking probing questions and then if we are able to set up the workflow for that to capture the individual data pieces and get the web hooks in place then she can categorize it send it to Velocity and do the two things I think do the demo trigger the demo page changes and know where the user is during the demo or help or any other process I mean that would be pretty amazing to be able to have the AI show them by driving their session how to do something or by them inviting you know the AI to take a screenshot of their screen and then analyze it give them the support they need and then mark up a screenshot say like go here do this put this in here who is the formula whatever and then send that back to them instead of doing it themselves with it would be like a map here's what you do just on the you know click here click here click here enter this or we're whatever or draw a relationship between the things that'd be cool yeah yeah but needs to be able to like take a picture of a whiteboard and have it parse all the notes and figure out how they go together and put them in a project plan and associate them with a project in the system and all that so important stuff how do we address all of it 