Informing those stakeholders as to where they are in the process. Are they on time, on budget? Are they going to have overruns for staffing? Do they need to budget for that? Who needs to be informed? Do we need to get approval? Are there equipment needs that are holding up certain other phases of the project? Are we spending money on contingent workforce that is waiting for approvals and we don't know it? And they're twiddling their thumbs while the approval process is taking place. And maybe the person that needs to approve doesn't even know that that's the case. Is money being wasted? Is money left on the table? Are we in compliance? Right. Are we not in compliance in the various areas? All of those things that somebody would want to know from each position standpoint, day in the life, create a fictitional project manager, like I said, who's been doing this for decades. He's an expert. He uses all the best practices and he's got 3-5 projects and he's updating them every day across all of the things that a project would need to be updated for everything. So that's one way you can do it. You could also do something like look at the schemas for other project management applications (some of them being open source, some of them being available in other ways) and inside the manuals and the best practices and the setup guides they'll have a full list of all the different fields so you can compare it against what we have and optional fields for specialties of those different groups. So look at all those capture them and add them in a document and determine which we have and which we don't, and then let's create the ones that we don't. And add them to the database so we can start capturing that information and they become part of our process. Not all of them have to be required; maybe we could disable and enable the view of some of them in the admin menu. That would be an industry-specific criticism from somebody who had used multiple of these systems or other vendors, and would say something like, "Gosh, I don't see how to do this. This is standard in all other platforms. Why wouldn't they have this? This is weird. Causes them to be suspicious and when someone gets suspicious, then they start the program running which is looking like a drag net looking for other data points to validate that position to either have it continue to rise in its prominence level in your assessment model for them or to fall as you get more comfortable and think something like, "Oh yeah, I guess they're focused a little different. Sounds like they're going to add it in there; it's not critical for what they're doing or whatever because you start to see maybe an announcement about it or someone sent something that explains why they're different than the traditional or the other way. They don't get any communication and they continue to wonder why it's not addressed or why it's not there and then start to pick apart other things that might not be what they would expect. Right? And remember your mind will respond whatever question you ask if you ask for 10 things about something that are bad, it will provide them or 10 things that are great it'll provide them too. So we try to stay in the positive side of things whenever possible. But people could be upset at their job already; things not going well and then they go to use the app and they don't see something that they're expecting or performs in a different way or worse it gives them the wrong variable or output. And that employee very well and likely will use that as the excuse as to why their things didn't work out like to blame the platform and double down on it because it's the platform or them. Right? And we don't want to invite any of that. The way we avoid all of that 100% is that we just test everything and we make sure it does what we say and that we have gone through it as though we were that person's position. The procurement manager, the project manager expert, the ATS manager/operator/recruitment/HR person who runs that system with candidates and interviews and documentation collection, time card reporting, project assignment, employment-related stuff. So for all different lenses we know how to look through lenses. All we got to do is put those lenses on, put the hat on for that person and build the you know what their day looks like typically now using all the functions in that job list them all. Go through all the positions and then check them against our features and see what's missing. As we would create the workflow for each employee using our app in their daily life. What's not there? Let's make sure it's all there. Critical, critical, critical. But I think we're on the same page. It's exciting, so let's incorporate.