The beautiful thing about all this is that you and I in this collaboration are able to use our own abilities of inference, awareness, and pattern matching, and contextual analysis through many layers of knowledge across domains. We can anticipate with a much higher degree of certainty exactly what options and operations, and even maybe the order of operations, taking into account the unique nuances that everyone has that makes them different, but there are certain things that are going to be done in the exact same order every time because that's the recommended order by the governing body for the licensing agency that is responsible for the certifications that they must uphold in order to participate in that industry.
So those certifying bodies are going to have steps and recommended sequences, right? And an explanation of why. So we can easily capture that information through some research to figure out which organizations recommend what and which ones are most in use. And through that, you'll gain two things:
1. An awareness of what most people in the industry are looking towards from an official standpoint as far as best practices.
2. If you adopt that as your guidepost for meeting the needs of that particular challenge, or addressing that challenge. If your question is to address it in the right way, or how do you address it in the right way, and you choose to follow the practices of the most widely known regulatory body certification agencies' recommendations, then you can always point to that if somebody is questioning anything regarding these procedures. So that's your defensibility right there because if it ain't those guys, then who is it? Right? They are the body.
Also, you can use that as a template to anticipate what users that are doing the right thing - or are going to do and exactly the way they're going to do it with the same terminology. In fact, if there are training materials that are typical for certain positions and they use certain very particular phrasing when they talk about it and the order that it goes in and the container that may be all the variables that make up a given case or job or transaction or whatnot. All of those details maybe there's a word for that - you know, all the nomenclature and I have a whole report on that which I should just give you the report. The nomenclature on the different industry positions. I want to find that right now.