One other thing I may have forgot to mention is I wanted to touch on the fact that one aspect of the voice-to-text application that is critical is the security. Ensuring that your personal information isn't going out over the wire, or if it is, it's going to be encrypted in place, or some other zero-knowledge, zero-trust capable server. You can be sure to be able to say whatever you want, and that the processing LLM is not being monitored, or that training data being used. Or that data being used as training data and then potentially exposing personal and corporate intellectual property, trade secrets and HIPAA information. Exposing that during a breach or something. That would be the worst thing possible that can happen to a company or an individual because that's beyond just their details for their credit card numbers and things can be changed, but it's personal information, thoughts, and potentially their actual voice which is very personal. Obviously. So phone calls are illegal to be taped without core knowledge. It's a much more intimate capture than just losing your wallet and someone stealing it. So it's critically important that this is given the attention it deserves, not just for this particular application but just as a whole in philosophy, to be able to move as quickly as reasonably possible via budget, via capabilities, via technology, via time, to a local, sovereign platform that you can be sure is protecting your best interests because you have control over it, can see all the in and outs and logs. I mean, that's really the only way to know. So that should be the ultimate always the ultimate goal. If solutions come up that allow that, we want to lean towards that unless we're sacrificing a lot of processing capability that we absolutely need at this point to get that feature done. But if not, we should explore how to continue to bring as much as we can either locally or to systems that we control through hosts that we are contracted with. They give us access to resources that we can then control, utilize, and manage ourselves. And again, ensure that there are no external connections that would jeopardize the sanctity of our own personal data or the clients' data. Is ultimately one of the most critical factors here. So I always want to keep that concept top of mind for this or any other connection where we're using MCP for services that involve potentially personal data being exposed or client trade secrets or whatnot. Like that's obviously a huge concern, and every single agent depending on how they're connected has the potential to be a bad actor or to accidentally expose some things. So we have to be mindful of that with our architecture always.