Also, I do want to note, I don't want to distract you, I want to let you finish what you're doing, but I have to demo this in an hour and a half to another stakeholder.
So what's most important to me is to make sure that our demo workflow is solid, and that we can make sure that the result we're going to get when we demo all these features is the same, so that it matches our demo, and that we can point to every part of the MVP list and show how we were able to get it done. And that MVP list and everything is somehow incorporated and encapsulated in this website so that we can have it maybe as a widget while we're doing a demo, or it's a separate page you can have open, or something. Some way to legendarily incorporate it so that as we're going through the demo, maybe we're clicking on the demo widget itself, and the demo widget is navigating the pages and then kicking off the demonstration and saying "Click here, click here, click here," and then explaining, right? Not talking down to because these are experts in their field, but just showing them things about that they're going to be interested in, why we did it this way, and what that enables them to do. What they can do given their abilities, show them what's possible, blow their minds with a few things based on the demo plan, etc.
But it's important that we get the sample data generator working properly so that we can generate a lot of sample data and then import it in here. Remember, we have to have a way to import spreadsheets and data, CSV and normalize it right to match fields. This is no joke. We have to validate that that's all in there.
The three parts to make a system work:
1. The input part: Can you get your data in the format and have it recognized and parsed properly?
2. Normalized: Once it's normalized, it's passed to the processing middle part which is where the magic happens.
3. The output part: Once it's done with the magic, it exports it into a format that the exporter can turn into whatever the user wants: Do they want a spreadsheet, a PDF, a Markdown, a formatted report, a website, etc.
So there's like three parts. The middle part can have multiple parts in that workflow in the processing stage, but the beginning and the end are going to be largely fixed because they're dealing with defined formats, not a lot of variability there. Get them in, normalize them, and let the processor in the middle do what it needs to do with the actual data. Just hand it to them, just like we did in litigation support, right? Ingest a thousand backup tapes, deduplicate 50 million emails, and give the legal team one USB stick with 5 individual emails on it in EML format that they can click on and look at and immediately know if they have what they need. No needle in a haystack, no heavy lifting. I think that's a perfect analogy. That's what I used to do. I used to do the heavy lifting and make it seem effortless, and they were like, "Wow, this is incredible."