What I want to capture is the simplicity of that concept. And that we should never forget that if you can do and create one process, one web, one service, one bot, fulfill one need, click through the menu, reduce the clicks by half or more in one process for one person in one application in one industry in one group. If you can do that with a set of words and a thought and maybe a moment to ponder your options before responding when you do the word is. The word is the surge of energy that needs to emerge from the speaker or I should say maybe it's from the source within the universe through the conduit of the speaker's infrastructure. The beautiful thing about that is that you can do that for anything because you can speak about anything. You really can. You can speak about anything in any way you want with whatever words If you can say the word itself, then you can do it. If you can say the word then you can do the things around the word or what the word says or is referring to. That's the point. That's the thing. Not to forget The only limitation to what you can or can't do Is if you can imagine it long enough To articulate a thought clear enough That it could be recorded and The context understood enough That it could be extrapolated upon At the moment or later The intent of the Thought Is what's important How it relates to why Why the individual thinks it's important And if it was just retained as a single word Or two words Without reference then The context would be lost It wouldn't mean anything. If you just came up upon it Unless you understood That Let's say in this example Those three words Built Let's say an entire research website And report On something Three words. And if it's only three If you could say something like Research Website Cookies And then At some point Five minutes or five hours later You turn around and you have a Full website On cookie research With all different types of cookies And their history And recipes and everything Raising pictures Then There's no reason why You couldn't say Research website H-R-I-S Staffing System With Full voice control and interactivity.