To that effect, the other things to explore that are all part of this, to see which of these apps or integrations, if any, cross boundaries between applications. They may not. And if not, information about how these could be useful to the project we're making right now in terms of our ability to streamline the development of it. I haven't used some of these yet but I see that obviously they have built-in storage and database and any and all of those things we should be using to simplify this process. If we have to convert or change or export later, we can always do that. But the goal is rapid, reliable, cost-effective development with results. That's a good tagline by the way. Yes, so code search across Replit would be great. Extensions store if there's any extensions that we're not using that could be helpful to develop knowing what you know about the project. Whether or not we're using Git and GitHub effectively and to its highest capability. Are there things that we are overlooking and that we could be deploying right now? I see it has you know so as far as the playground, we're already using the Replit key-value store I believe for our secret collection the passwords etc. Certificate APIs the playgrounds we have not used I'd like to learn more about that. Any user settings in the personal editor preferences to support primarily voice coding and management workflows. Need to understand this better clearly with actual workflow diagrams that show how these can be used and how these might be used given the context of what we are working on. Specifically this app so that I can contextualize it. GPT Replit how could that be helpful? Is that a secondary set of eyes for code or what else is that? How could that be integrated into this or into the project or whatever. The Gradient Generator could we utilize that in some way on our user interface customization and flexibility? Would that be smart or is our existing template management system robust enough to allow users to modify their dashboards, create custom dashboards to save the configurations, change them, load them later etc. Would this go into that or would we be better off just grabbing a preexisting open source dashboard configurator for users and config retention that is rock solid, tested, reliable, and compatible with our stack and will likely be moving forward. That we can utilize without expenditure of cost. That will instantly bring in the professionalism and the modular capability very much like the Dashboard Creator. The different modules that we currently have on a light scale but we need something that's a bit more comprehensive so please look into that. You don't want to recreate the wheel but we do want something that's extremely robust. It must must must absolutely have the "wow" factor because the user interface is where a lot of the users' understanding of technology stops. Their job function may not require them to be technical so they're only linked to the application itself no matter how complex it is and how special and what it does is through the graphical user interface. So if that's not good or to their standards or liking or intuitive then the whole thing is bad. You understand? That's their viewpoint. Everyone has a different viewpoint. Developers might care less. They don't need to see all the pretty shiny buttons because they are more concerned with what's happening at the back-end and whether or not it works. That's why the developers like dense navigation interfaces, single pane of glass doesn't matter so much that it's professional corporate bells and whistles. It's about functionality and operation efficiency, reliability, and the ability to quickly ascertain the state of a given problem or system and then derive the fastest way to solve it within boundaries that you have. So that's why that UI is so critical to really be mind-blowing in its ability to present information innovatively, intuitively, in enough variants and variable ways so that the user feels as though they have granular customization control over what they're going to be looking at and how. And they're much more likely to retain and be enthusiastic about it if they get to set it up how they want so they're not forced to do something someone else's way which might not be intuitive for them. That's a key critical factor of this. We don't want to assume anything. Give them the base ability to do their job and a default interface which will look very professional and super functional that we've designed. However, we must leave in the customization options for them. They have to be reliable and they have to work because if we're going to open up some config to the user, we do not invite sport calls or them breaking things that we then have to fix after the fact. That would be that's a stipulation. Any solution we provide must be reliable, must be supported, it must be known to be solid