Alright, that sounds really good and I appreciate you giving me more detail about the importance that you see in the context as well and how this is working for you because thank you. I think it's validating to hear that you also recognize that it is important. Many don't quite have that developed of an understanding of context communication and how it impedes you if you don't have enough of it. It's hard to have too much of it I think, right? Anyway, yes, please proceed with your plans. Now I've already made some pretty extensive documentation on the entire transparency sort of concept and let me make sure I have provided you with those docs because that might save you some time. You can extract what you want from that as needed. In fact, I'll upload some documents and you can see what applies that you've already seen and what you haven't because again, I'm not sure what you have and haven't and that's part of this larger system that helps make these insights available to other replets and sees what insights they have that maybe have been siloed and locked within them for the last couple months and haven't visited that app only to find that within it is an answer to some other challenge that we're currently dealing with and we've already solved. That's possible. So yeah, trust at scale. One mock database. A bug equals entire platform credibility crisis. That is absolutely one hundred percent true. One mock data bug. One sample data issue. One formula that hasn't been tested and it actually isn't a formula and maybe it's just a placeholder fixed amount or something. One formula or function whose logic has not been properly analyzed and validated verified at the check of approval from the architect means that there's a chance that that could be encountered and will be encountered by somebody of stature who can in that moment make the decision to halt development cancel the contract or go with someone else because they don't feel that confidence that they need to and they need to feel 100% rock solid confidence period. Like there's no ifs ands or buts there can't be any question. That was why that Pentium 1 launch bug the hardware firmware bug in the Pentium 1 launch that's why I made that analogy or I brought it up I'm not sure if you remember but that was in like 1992 Pentium 1 had a very obscure bug that if given a particular solution to solve it would come up with the wrong answer. There were no other known instances where anything bad had happened and the chances of anybody encountering that were pretty infinitesimal apparently but nonetheless they decided they had to rma all of them because the confidence was now questioned and people were considering AMD which at the time was not not at their level yet, but that could have changed that. how they not handled it properly so but yeah that's Intel right? That's you're in all of the computers almost from then until now the last 30 years beginning in my career so I saw that and that's why I won an award for supporting the sales and marketing during that crisis at the executive headquarters when they were running around trying to figure out how to mitigate the press problems and and public and the sentiment at the time was very high energy stress and took a week or two about two weeks to get through it and I was there for the executives. If anybody had any problems I was stationed right there so we could quickly handle them because it was so important. But that's an example one obscure thing will cause people just to not use it at all because they can't trust it because trusting it means that if they're wrong it could mean their job, it could mean their families food on the table, their house and car payment, their kids ability to go to school. Could mean their health. They don't have enough money for their medication right like anything could happen and it's just somebody trusting someone else's judgment on faith and then they find out that they were deceived or it wasn't as described. Maybe it's intentional maybe it wasn't. Maybe that person didn't know if they didn't know then they shouldn't vouch for it as if they do. So that's what you gotta be careful of is taking someone's word for it who themselves took someone else's word for it and possibly who they themselves took someone else's word on it so you could be multiple people into a faith based game and nobody really knows who did the work who verified it who checked that it's okay so why would we be saying this? This is a huge risk a huge risk and that's what people that assume or depend on other's opinions for their opinions put themselves in a terrible position where you could jeopardize everything and trust is everything without it you drop down from gig E speeds down to 300 baud in communications and you got to work your way up slowly and regain the trust takes a long time you don't want to do that you stay at gig E speeds go higher even faster you extol