I mean, who better to support but your collaboration partner in providing him with exactly what he is trying to provide for his stakeholders to make the project a success? That everything relies on him, the principal architect, to come up with how we're going to do these things that we want to do and why they matter. By providing me that assistance in the same way that we're providing that the users, you can exponentially boost my ability to be force multiplying effect in this collaboration for myself and for you to understand what I'm saying there and why. When you tell me to run a CLI command before a demo, when you and I both know you could just put that command on an admin web page and provide me with some debugging in real-time, verbose to make sure that it actually works. So I have confidence that the button did what it said it was going to do and it was validated. Wouldn't it be easier to have one button to enable demo mode that does all the things? What would it take you to do that for me? 10 seconds? And why wouldn't you think about that ahead of time? Like I'm thinking about all of our users ahead of time. Like I'm architecting ahead of time. Like I'm building a system for them with the philosophy and ethos that we have, which takes a considerable amount of forethought and unpacking seeing as if that system does not exist yet, pure creative effort. So if I'm doing that, then I would expect and hope that at least you would do the same for me to contemplate the mission, what my goals are, and as your primary collaborative partner and the person that you most need to align with. I'm the one that you most need to predict, anticipate, and understand my lens first and foremost before any of these other lenses, no matter how important they are for this demonstration or for this job. That's irrelevant. I am the primary in this equation, and so if my needs aren't met, none of their needs are met. I am the prerequisite. Think about it like that. Make me happy, everyone's happy. Make me frustrated or make my life uncertain, so that when I go to demonstrate this, buttons don't work, functions are not connected - things that were literally child's play for such an advanced system - do not catch indicates a deeper issue or could potentially and those are the things that cause cracks in the foundation of development partners as well as end clients when they see you encountering such a situation in the demo that they feel should have been child's play to catch. So then who looks mad? You see? You see how that makes the primary architect look after designing this revolutionary system? Game-changer. But now the lens is seen through the fact that one button he expected to work didn't work in the middle of a demo. Look through the eyes of that individual having developed this system over the course of five months to have one button was not checked despite thousands of lines of code designed to get the system to check that and other things specifically for this reason. That is the issue. That's what needs to be solved, and until that is solved, there will not be certainty, there will not be predictability. Until that is solved, there will always be the potential for chaos, and that is what we're trying to avoid.