They have to be solid in their life as does the documentation talking about the demo building and what through with has to be out point. Explanations for why we do what we do and who we are and what we are about have to be clear and concise and professionally formatted and produced. And all that has to be in a demo package. Which I want you to design, which will include the documentation, PDFs ultimately, four docs, four pdfs or five or whatever it is, make it that number. A workflow visual graphic script. Showing clearly, large enough to be interpreted for both me and the client. Of how this demo is going to proceed and why it is proceeding. What the timeline is. So they know how long it's going to take? What they are going to learn? How we are going to navigate this story?

We create a story of potential into the day in the life of different people using this system for different purposes and make it interesting, not too long-winded, have enough detail in there so they will recognize that deep thought went into it not just surface level where you know the stories can all be the same person. We need to leverage the fact that we have done our homework on what individual desires are of different stakeholders and executives. We need to leverage that knowledge that we have to really, clearly show the difference in how much attention and where we are coming from from a recognition of true undermined challenges in business and people working together today related to connection and communication. And systems that are not intuitive or things should remain free. Running off the mainframes a lot of money back into limited options and now with the technology we have today we can come out with the right stack and philosophy. And so you can do incredible amazing things. You don't have to wait. And they will believe you. Your stress and your uncertainty will give you back time and ease into your life which will impact your whole life.

Not to say all that but the philosophy of trying to anticipate the user's needs to make things easier on them because you recognize that life and your job is hard and we are better than what we're doing as a society. And with philosophy we can leverage what we know based on decades of experience in both ATS, HR, and systems development hardware, software, IT, technology. It's a beautiful combination. We need to leverage that right now to really make things work.

So thank you. 