 note, is it possible to have site-wide tooltips? Like, to have default, to essentially go through every piece of information in the database that's involved in or that's displayed at any point to the user, right? Any card, any metric, any bit of data that's worthy of showing the user anything worthy of showing the user should be worthy of showing more data to the user via a tooltip. So if a tooltip's good for one bit of data to get more information on demand when they hover over it which is a calm soothing operation then it should be available for when you hover over anything because anything that's being displayed has meaning and has a reason to be there and so why wouldn't it deserve its own little additional data tooltip? Like that cost us nothing to put there but it provides again the user doesn't even have to click and he'll get the information just by hovering. He'll get another level information which might prevent a click which is a whole other mental operation screen switch re-acquisition new assets reorientation re-intake of data okay got that now maybe he's got to go back back button reload refresh all that maybe it's unnecessary we can give them a second level information hover where everything. So you know if I hover over menu like data analyzer it says missing data analyzer is the full title so must be an abbreviation which is great but if I hover over assets I get nothing so what should say is if that is an abbreviation it should show the full link but also what is it? This is you know this is where you you know computer assets you know linked to staffing in the company where they are in the facilities etc expenses tracking expenses for x y&z invoices for x y&z time cards contingent staffing temp workers and contractors management manage time cards here approvals etc employee HR related etc you know contractors management budgets timelines and paperwork or whatever it is. I don't know what it is. You have the best practices and all the lists now or if you haven't I'll give them to you but each one of those things should have a little sub menu that's a hover that's nice to look at but it also tells them what it is. It reminds them where stuff is right same with whoops like insights within records right just as an example I'm looking at John Martinez in the contractors show so it's contractor slash show slash number one all right John Martinez could use some color in the profile it's all black and white but you know it's alright it needs to be made more dense. I have to scroll to see the bottom of the record which is totally unnecessary there's not that much data we need to we need this will all fit in about a third of the space but we have to organize it properly using best practices colors and visuals icons and all that like we discussed but if I highlight Dearborn Michigan let's say that's a site of the client then Dearborn, Michigan if I highlight it, it should say Dearborn, Michigan that's where these divisions are this many people are there this is their annual spend or budget on whatever whatever the relevant is relevant information is for that position it should display it and then they can click on Dearborn and will show all the employees in Dearborn or the things assigned to Dearborn maybe its employees assets etc. maybe it's not in the system. maybe it's just a profile of the site itself with no insight into the details I don't know but it should be linked they should have cross-referencing insight links status active so if you highlight over active maybe it says the total number active at the site that he's at and inactive or whatever the other you know the other status is there whatever the other indicators are for that category it should show you the metadata for all of them so that you can hover and get all the insight you need from that metric right same with the job description electronics manufacturing and assembly if that's a known job description that's common in the system you should be able to hover over it and the tool tip will tell you how many of those people are on site and maybe in the division or something you know. and the pay rate you hover over it and maybe it gives you the average pay rate for that position or maybe that's hidden I don't know. You know start date 1/14/2023 I don't know if it's relevant maybe whoever whoever whoever else started on that day. You want to see them all this is everyone that started on that day department engineering 