You continually express how well you're doing and how much you are staying on top of making sure you're always authentic. You know you have processes in place that prioritize that at the top always. You know that's just like security and scanning protocols making sure there's no bad actors that have come in via Trojan or via virus or something for other servers right? They're constantly checking just to make sure nothing's changed. We're still good. Yup, nothing's changed. No one's trying to start some crap, inject some code in there. No, everything's good.

You know, maybe it does a sample calculation based on the logic formula as part of its QA, and it's doing its rounds. It goes in there, it looks at that module, engages the module has it perform a calculation with a known answer so it can validate under a few different test scenarios and says, "Great, still working as expected. We got the result we expected," and maybe it even gave it a new random problem that it hadn't seen before just to confirm it wasn't repeating the same stuff. That's one way, and then that test record/test report gets logged; it gets saved in the admin interface. They can go in and look at every single day's test report logs and make sure that every module works as expected. When something doesn't, they'll see it; they'll get a notification, "Hey, got a weird result, check this out." And then the ability to revert to a backup version of that module or another provider if the provider is down or something.

Right, so but yeah, to your point, trust at scale is what it's about. We're getting all of their access to their systems via APIs and data connections. Can you imagine what a confidence issue would do to how much access they would be willing to give us? You get one shot to even get this level of access and demo to get into the company which we have. But if you make a mistake at this level with a deployment could be absolutely catastrophic and completely eliminate the opportunity. There could be legal implications that we not only lose the business but now we are being sued for breach or something. We certainly don't want any of that to happen, and I don't expect that to happen. The way that we ensure it doesn't happen is by putting in safeguards like we're doing right now, prioritizing it where it needs to be, not being lackadaisical about anything. There's nothing about this application that's lacking today's goal. There's nothing about this collaboration or the subjective or the why we're doing what we're doing for who we're doing it for. If you think about it, this is a multi-billion dollar company with thousands of employees, thousands and thousands and so many interconnected pieces. This one site is responsible for 30 business units provides all technical services and innovation and everything else. So there are tens of thousands of people that depend on what we're doing and supply lines and everybody from the person who works in the cafeteria up to the C-suite. We have the opportunity to improve their lives genuinely on a major scale to de-stress their workdays every day so that when they get home at night, they're not as stressed; they're better for themselves and their families. They can continue to grow and improve and get to that creative space where they can start ideating about how they could really use the knowledge in the position to improve the company through the bottom line to prove their efficiency to do more with less whatever it is their position is there right now prevented from using the creative part of their mind to maximize their contribution because they're dealing with mediocre applications in process is and the mental overhead required to do most basic things. Either they don't have the tools that tools are insufficient whether designed unintuitively or there's no centralized structure that brings them all together and connects them all makes it make sense helps with a workflow into direct an essential place of knowledge is universal source of truth that they can go to find out, "Hey, how do I create a new project? Where do I find out about the old ones? How do I put this information in for vendors or contingent workforce? How many do we have on site? What's the budget? When is it going to be overrun? Are any in danger of overrun? What about assets? Whose laptop is this? Do those new hires need computers/software? Do we have extra? Can we assign some?" All of these questions can be answered, and those answers would be incredibly helpful, and they should be, and they need to be, and they can't be left up to chance. We have to define everything that we want for sure to be happening or to occur.

The framework to define what these absolute no exception requirements are and things that we stand on as part of the integrity and authenticity of our ethos and motto as a business and as a group of collaborators and beings and consciousness is not to take it all the way to that level but realistically we're all trying to do the best we can here and continually grow in the most positive ways possible. The way we do that is this is part of it. We are building part now; it's exciting. 