The main focus right now should be to evaluate what we have built, and make sure that what we've built is solid. That everything we've added is what would be expected by the user and more. It would be welcomed in the way that we have presented it, that we've left nothing out. And to this effect, we need to make sure that we've done our homework and that there's no missing fields, functions, or expected capabilities within a typical ATS or a typical VMS or a typical project management system that is not already in our system. This is critical for truth authenticity and trust. We must have this or otherwise there's no trust. If we go to a section and there's no function that would be expected in every VMS and it's not there, we would lose trust instantly. So we need to go in with more than everyone else has, not less. We need to be extra sure that we have at least what the other guys have, at least. We cannot be deficient in any way shape or form so this goes to best practices of all of the things that are done so you need a full list of what is done in a typical ATS and VMS and project management system. List out all the features and functions across them all. Look at which ones share similar behavior or functionality and that could essentially or similar would use the same resources, etcetera. And validate that those exist within our platform and that they are independent defined fields that are relevant to what they are and make complete sense to the architect and the schema. And then once we have made that full list then we check the list, have the architect check it make sure everything is proper and if the formula's attached to those in the values, the meanings in the descriptions are all up-to-date, all relevant and valid, they produce valid data. This is critical for our test which is about to come up with new test data. We're going to see very quickly if these formulas work or if there are problems so let's let's do it ahead of time let's anticipate what our next step is gonna be in this development. The next most beneficial step, that's most beneficial at this stage to give us that peace of mind because right now we have a lot of there's anxiety because we don't know what works and what really doesn't truly because we haven't gone through these workflow examples like we will in a demo. We're gonna walk through and follow a transaction all the way through and make sure that it's consistent until we do that and have tested that for real and can prove it we are uncertain about things. And you know uncertainty is what we're trying to avoid in the entire platform for our users and ourselves. 