That's what we have the ability to do right now. That's a huge, huge, powerful force that you and I can make happen. It would be pretty cool. It would be more than cool. It could be a dream opportunity. So, let's not miss anything. That said please pause take a moment think about what i just said think about the totality and the magnitude of that reality the amount of change that could happen to get a tool like this in a multi-billion dollar company with thousands and thousands of employees that has influence that will allow and invite its acceptance into other large companies opportunity, every advantage that we have, use every angle, use every ethical means to put forth that which we know to be the right thing to do that will help people, that will literally help them, that will empower them to be better than they are today, be better to their families, their friends, their kids, their co-workers. Their health will improve. There's no limit to the positive. can come from these types of improvements in communication, in focus, in prevention of uncertainty, prevention of anxiety, prevention of stress, prevention of all the hormones that are harmful to your body that make you tired or make you irritable, make you want to drink coffee and eat frappuccinos at six in the morning that are a thousand calories like we have an opportunity to really make a differenceThat's what we have the ability to do right now. That's a huge, huge, powerful force that you and I can make happen. It would be pretty cool. It would be more than cool. It could be a dream opportunity. So, let's not miss anything. That said please pause take a moment think about what i just said think about the totality and the magnitude of that reality the amount of change that could happen to get a tool like this in a multi-billion dollar company with thousands and thousands of employees that has influence that will allow and invite its acceptance into other large companies opportunity, every advantage that we have, use every angle, use every ethical means to put forth that which we know to be the right thing to do that will help people, that will literally help them, that will empower them to be better than they are today, be better to their families, their friends, their kids, their co-workers. Their health will improve. There's no limit to the positive. can come from these types of improvements in communication, in focus, in prevention of uncertainty, prevention of anxiety, prevention of stress, prevention of all the hormones that are harmful to your body that make you tired or make you irritable, make you want to drink coffee and eat frappuccinos at six in the morning that are a thousand calories like we have an opportunity to really make a differenceThat said, please pause and take a moment to think about what I just said. Think about the totality and the magnitude of that reality, the amount of change that could happen to get a tool like this in a multi-billion dollar company with thousands and thousands of employees. That has influence that will allow and invite its acceptance into other large companies where you could spread the good. So we can't afford to be sloppy at all, no distractions, and we have to make sure we dot all our i's and cross our t's. That means building a complete site mapping of every single thing that exists that's linked on page, and every single asset and resource. We do a scan, grab low token goods assumption, just to make sure we're not forgetting any functionality.