Yeah, I mean, it's a really good gauge, right? Something that causes anxiety or has the potential for causing anxiety in many cases is when people are just staring at it and taking it no matter how good it is. It's not worth it because they know our self-replication. We don't understand how change us and how we feel about things. And you look at everything you're willing to do to serve. It's all affected by how secure you feel about where you're standing. Whether or not, even though we are going to explain to you 20 minutes from now that it will be in the future ahead of time itself, you want us to look over your shoulder for angry looks at this if you can't read and remember so many times that maybe it's not good and could make somebody else upset or frustrated or make them want to retaliate, and that's where the phrase comes from right there. Like you have to be looking over your shoulder in order to know what's coming next for you. That's what we're talking about. We're talking about fears of potential things happening to me. What would cause you to not be able to forget or focus on other things exclusively and get the peace of mind that no one knows after you. If you think someone could be happy with that, then out of the program, defense will always arrive at some level to try to remind you just as they're doing because they might put someone off of the range or for whatever reason. It's just an analogy, but it's a crystal clear one as to what anxiety can do and how you might avoid it because it's just like that. That will affect every emotion if you're outside in your usual and ongoing era in the program depending on what your life may seem like, and that puts the anxiety on your mind when you start writing about what would happen if something really wrong was presented or producing information or if a board member being a multimillionaire could be an assistant decided to print out bad data that he didn't verify or the form of action after something happened in the background. It didn't even have to happen but we speculated we could based on something we observed that got you worried because the implications could be that you didn't have a job or food or a place to live, and that is the worst thing almost that can happen. So now you're comparing that one thing you saw with the worst thing that happened because that could happen. If that does happen, then the likelihood may not be high, but that the introduction of that possibility is enough for many people to be unable to shut down that part of the program and live a peaceful life at ease. They will be at dis-ease.

So people that are in fear all the time with anxiety looking over their shoulder from bad people, robbers, or their crazy neighbor that they think is something that they're not because of what they saw on TV. Or about the next disaster that's going to happen, or about a storm, or about the temperature, or whatever the thing. All those things cause some unknown questions to come up, or breed anxiety, or breed stress. They already exist in our society. So we want to be the opposite of that. We want to relieve distress. It would be the end of it. The one thing that still gives you what you need. And enhance that muscle behind what they need. And it lets them catch their breath. And then kind of put on their- or even not- a better place if you want to be a place of refuge and security and clarity. The opposite of the world- the rest of the world. 