Alright, I'd like to know the status report of where we are in relation to the MVP, the testing, the feature set that we've outlined. What status and progress we are at. If there's an existing status or project page that shows all of this in the admin menu, if that is not in place, that's okay. Just tell me, and all of the additions, updates, and changes that have been requested in the last 50 prompts. Is there a way to check our master project list and see where we're at with the must-haves, the nice-to-haves, the good-to-haves? The "wow" the demo paths that we're going to use to demonstrate how we have more than solved the challenges put forth in the MVP that were derived from this, that were derived from discussions with the client on the procurement side and project management and the SOW and contingent workforce management. Making sure that we're on time and on budget. We can see the status of where anything is. It can drill down, and we can see the relationships between things. You can perform computations and forecasts and things, and we already know all the logic formulas for that. I'd like to know if we have done research out and searched extensively on all of the possible fields and computations and calculations and scenarios that a procurement manager or head of procurement for a multi-billion dollar organization may encounter, and if we have made allowances for all of those things, or have a system that's flexible enough that we can adapt it, add if not exist, or adapt or modify. You know, add new workflows and formulas from within the applications. I guess that's my point. If we don't already have them built into the backend, maybe there's a way that we could expose some of that logic through the admin, and we could build the workflows. Maybe use the Workflow Analyzer System for that process analyzer to build the work to define the workflow from our comments to then attach resources to the end points of that workflow to make it into a real sort of workflow potential template, and then add it so that it's available as a dashboard module or something that the users can then add to their collection of tools. Something like