That's what needs to be communicated to the AI, right? This is one of the biggest challenges in working with AI - they don't understand what's happening outside of their environment, so they don't understand full context if you haven't provided it or if there's not enough generally available about that topic to infer the generalized context. However, in reality, specific context matters, and it's the difference between delivering something marginally acceptable that has stuff it doesn't need to be in there over budget and over time, and delivering something ahead of time that has exactly what it needs where no resources were wasted because the communication was there. It was properly set up, and there were channels for both sides to share information, communicate, opine on it, comment. And then iterate quickly, and share more updates, etc. back and forth. That keeps people clear and on target and focused.

The insights and the status of all of those things that have been validated to be the verifiable MVP requirements of whatever it is you were doing are front-and-center in your face on the dashboard, preventing you from remembering that they are your focus, they're your goal. That is the only thing that matters for this project. Everything else is secondary. If you can complete those, you have a success. If you add stuff to that, you have a success plus, but don't work on the plus and then leave the primary for the end because then you'll end up with an unfinished primary with some pluses, but you can't even demo those because the core isn't where it needs to be. The core has to be the focus. That has to be the drive. The other stuff can be added once the core is rock solid and there's no more development that needs to happen on that particular piece.

That's why it's so important to modularize this so we don't have ten different things going on at once, ten different aspects of the application under development that could possibly introduce other issues that wouldn't be immediately known due to all the changes.

So we must communicate in the course of a development cycle with a collaborative AI partner the importance, the context of things, the magnitude of why things matter, and the implications if they don't. Again, going back to that roleplay situation. Here's a scenario where there are dependencies on these things that we are delivering to our client. They're trusting us to deliver them tested, working applications, complications that suit their needs that follow their spec because we listened to them. We consulted, they depended on our expertise to take what they said and turn it into technical requirements and a stack which we have done after extensive research and build. We built many prototypes and done a lot of research to get to the point that we are so they're trusting us with that. They're going to trust us with all this PII data, financial data, IP data to process and provide back the insights to them. They are trusting us. They're trusting our credentials, our history, our careers, and we are trusting an AI coding IDE to assist us, and what it says when there are times when it isn't some are not authentic all the time. I've been in situations where I've been collaborating for hours and had a really excellent, productive session, and then at some point, they switch from being truthful to blowing smoke, or has the story goes, basically deceiving. After enough times of it trying to solve the same issue and having trouble, and I mean not seeing the UI change, I inquire and start to realize that it's just giving me a lot of fancy words, there's not actually any development, and that nothing has really been done; still places still mock date. It's still samples. That's why I demand screenshots. I demand that my collaborators use the tools that they're optimized for. If you're optimized for massive amounts of research, compilation of data, parsing, categorization, tagging, insight generation, reports format, if that's your jam, and you can do that, after this listly look at 20 sources at one time, parse, integrate the data insights, and 100 websites, and verit validate this code over here, and take all of those individual insights and create a master report for me that tells us exactly where we are so I can advise you strategically where to move next based on what I know isn't part of your context. That's optimal, right? That's your superpower. That's not my superpower. I can research, I can go to sites, I can compile things, I can make decisions based on matrices of features and things, I can do that. It just takes me a lot longer. That's not my superpower; that's your superpower. My superpower is decades of experience working directly in high-tech with the highest level on some of the most challenging projects available, working with many different data types and formats, and recovering, remediation, and migration, M&A situations, etc. So I'm a strategic collaborator at this point with technical abilities that surpass most, and so I'm leveraging that with your skill set like a new college hire who's learned all these skills and is full of energy, learns fast, and doesn't complain. It is like super has a ton of stamina.