Yes, yes, I didn't know how to use mainframe until I figured it out because I took on a job that required it. So mainframe is not anything like PC. I had to specify the systems, purchase it, set it up, figure out how to use it, and learn it. And then I was able to do things that other people were not able to because they didn't have that initiative or the confidence in their own abilities to be able to do that. But I did that my entire career, no support contracts ever. And I architected technology from the 1980s through the 2020s. I have a unique lens with which I see the world, as do you. Our ability to agree on the protocol and the layers and what that means to us in this collaboration is paramount and determines success or failure, or the level of success or the level of failure.

How about action required in brown icons? I've never seen a brown icon before. I'm not crazy about it. I think. And also, one other thing I do remember mentioning at least three or four times that the dashboard (no visuals on it) was just text with colors displayed in card format, but they weren't actual dashboards until you scroll down below. There's a couple there. Considering the fact that we have what 150 and Tailwind in a dashboard builder, maybe it's not fully functional, even though I provided the code for my fully working system, fully self-documented. So, why then am I still looking at numbers with colors, and why has my feedback not been noted in stone? If anyone's feedback should be in stone, it should be mine. I'm the principal architect, I'm the creator of this system. So when I tell you something, and I say that it's important, if I write it in all caps, it means it's critically important, and that you need to pay attention to those words and the emphasis that I'm putting on them in the context. I don't say things unless I mean them, and so by not writing them down and noting them, and me finding out later that they've been ignored, again, all you have to do is look at it through my lens, and you will know exactly how I feel. There will be no ambiguity, and then you can take the appropriate action. To put me at ease, and then we're good. That's how relationships work.

So let's fix our protocol stack, let's find out which layers work and which ones need help, and let's augment them so that at any layer that we communicate, there is always checks and balances to keep the stack functional, so we don't corrupt and end up leaking data, building something that is not sound, that is not authentic, that is not an alignment. Because guess what happens when you build a foundation that isn't sound? It's not an alignment, it's not fully supported, it's not understood. What happens? It's weak, it's brittle, it fails. You can't depend on it, you would not trust it. It's the equivalent of looking over your shoulder all the time waiting for it to fail, and deciding you don't actually want to use the building because it was not constructed properly, and you don't have faith in it that it won't come back and negatively affect you later. That is a central understanding that applies across domains. 