I'm taking the time to document all this, and to ask you these questions, and to get you to think about it, because I really am seeking your interpretation and understanding as a developer and a co-collaborator, and aware of the strategies and the focus that we're implementing here. I'm relying on you to keep track of all of the edge cases surrounding data, metadata, like the overall context related to this as it sits within this application. And our shared understanding of that, because all of that can be turned into insights, action plans, SOPs, technical documents, and things that will continue to provide benefits now and into the future for our collaboration and what we've created together.

There are many circumstances where documents that we defined at the beginning of the process, if re-reviewed at the end of the process, will provide even more insights than we ever could have guessed at the beginning because of what had transpired. And so that's what I'm hoping at the end of all this we'll run through do another analysis and decide what some of the real huge lessons that we haven't discussed or didn't realize were quite so impactful in the beginning. And that might give us even more insights that will stack for the next build or the next feature or the next function.

So that's I really want your feedback on that as well as the Architect's. Please engage him because he was part of this as well and got great advice. We want to do this right. We want to build something that is meaningful and genuinely solves the challenges of our clients, customers, and stakeholders because we genuinely care about their problems. Because their problems aren't just business problems; they translate into challenges and stress as they have at home with families with loved ones. All of the things they're not existing in a vacuum.

So we want to provide real value and to do that we do our due diligence and make sure we are fully prepared for our meetings and communications with them with things that we can share and to show our progress why we made these choices and literally exclaim without being salesy and over-the-top, "Look, this is the best solution for this, and it's pretty innovative. I think you're really going to like it. It's powerful, and no one else is doing this. Matter of fact, because we can speak from that position of technological authority, knowing the tech having been in the industry for such a long time, so let's leverage that. 