We need to enact our audit process, the MVP audit process. If there's a page that we can click that has all this on it and it will check the status or show us or manage this part for us, can you direct me to that so that I'm able to see it? And if so, where is it? So that we can verify it, we can stand behind it and say "this is truth". Check it every which way you want but you're going to come up with the same answer because it's truth. We have to be able to say that we have to stand on a solid foundation as solid as possible, unshakeable. That's the only way. We have the integrity.

How are we doing on the project data generator? Oh, there's the velocity project tracker. I see it, chaos to control. That's nice. It's just missing one thing: well, there's dark on dark text. I can see current status and this is remaining work, export and save. Take a screenshot of that page. You'll see it's dark on dark text. The current status is selected. It's green highlighted, but the other two are black because we validated ourselves. We saw it. We experienced it. We witnessed it. We're not taking anybody's word for it. We're not assuming. We're not trusting. Remember, we don't trust. We must see for ourselves. That's the only way we know.

So I need to see the actual screenshots there or a thumbnail, and then click on it and it shows you the full screen as proof with a timestamp on it and a text description maybe under the picture or overlaid on the bottom of it that explains what it's showing. I mean, I think that's a pretty logical step, yeah?records have that used to be my world right? you got to have all your metadata be accurate so that you can prove what you say is real because all that matters is your word and whether or not you're authentic or hallucinating so saying here's the proof and then directing me to go get my own proof isn't proof right so we just got to make sure we are being authentic in how we express it so that our message is clear and the procurement purchase order life cycle management priority 10 of 10. we should probably switch the scale so that one is the most important and ten is the least important right so we should probably do that because it makes sense and we have to list what those requirements are so so i like that it's showing us the purpose and what it's doing risks the time this is all good best practices applied for the ux evidence and proof ai insights card on dashboard c at root um code implementation okay there's the actual link to the page that's good i think what i'd like to see here is like an interactive html additional line at the bottom which is something like architecture or something that when you click on it it shows you a diagram of what specific assets or variables values are involved in this computation like what is the logic behind this what's the actual formula for this so we can see it it's taking you know alerts from this section and cross referencing them against this and against this and then we gets this right we need to see the whole visual workflow of what assets are combined in what order plus or minus divided by multiple plots so that we can prove it we can verify it we can stand behind it and say this is truth check it every which way you want but you're going to come up with the same answer because it's truth we have to be able to say that we have to stand on a solid foundation as solid as possible unshakable that's the only way we have the integrity uh piece because we we validated it ourself because we validated it ourself we saw it we experienced it we witnessed it we're not taking anybody's word for it we're not assuming we're not trusting remember we don't trust we must see for ourselves that's the only way we know so i need to see the actual screenshots there or like a thumbnail and then click on it and it shows you the full screen as proof with a time stamp on it and a text description maybe under the picture or overlaid on the bottom of it that explains what it's showing i mean i think that's pretty logical step yeah 