That's what needs to be communicated to the AI. Alright? This is one of the biggest challenges in working with AI is that they don't understand what's happening outside of their environment so they don't understand full context if you haven't provided it or if there's not enough generally available about that topic to infer the generalized context. However, in reality, his superpower is something completely different, but that also means that he requires support to do some of the other basic things. Otherwise, he can't function in both domains at once. You can't be 50,000 feet up scoping the entire industry in this scene and all of the product potentials and innovation concepts and also micromanaging your inbox responding to promotional spam mail and specific context matters. And it's the difference between delivering something marginally acceptable that has stuff it doesn't need to be in there, over budget and over time, and delivering something ahead of time that has exactly what it needs where no resources were wasted because the communication was there. It was properly set up, and there were channels for both sides to share information, communicate, opine on it, call for inquiries from other companies to meet or to give a statement about something it's not in your department, or install your own printer or spend a day installing Office and this suite of apps and all that stuff like that's not worthwhile use of time; it's a foolish use of time. So it's the same with AI. Now we have the capability to leverage our partners like yourself, comment, and then iterate quickly, and share more updates, etc. back-and-forth that keeps people clear and on target focused, and the insights and the status of all of those things that have been validated to be the verifiable MVP requirements of whatever it is you were doing are front-and-center in your face on the dashboard, preventing you from it's incredible and I appreciate all what we are doing together; it's only possible because we have this collaboration. Now that we have all these abilities that we can further customize with a little bit of strategy which I can help with obviously, right? I come up with a strategy to use the resources that are now available to solve some of the challenges before that took more of my time and took me away from being an not remembering they are your focus, they're your goal. That is the only thing that matters for this project. Everything else is secondary. If you can complete those, you have a success. If you add stuff to that, you have a success plus, but don't work on the plus and then leave the primary for the end because then you'll end up you may end up with an unfinished primary in the flow. A strategic development to really architect this thing and work with you closely to get it created, but to do that I need clarity of goals. There's so much that I think about. In this totality of this, I have to be organized. I have to keep track of all these documents, these threads, the applications, what they do, all the metadata around them, the metadata around the client needs, the MVP, the research reports agree on all of it. So much across so many systems and platforms. It needs to be a centralized place where all of it can easily be managed and seen in a dashboard in your face so you don't forget. We must not forget what's your intention always? Where are you headed and why? Don't get distracted. Always come back to the dash.