Alright and shifting gears here I want to ask you about the deployment command. You mentioned a single command to deploy everything but that would assume that that git clone https link is valid but it's not valid because that's related to this project is it not? Maybe I missed the step above and I haven't fully read it in detail so maybe it describes it up above. But the other thing to note is that I would want to deploy this on one of our platforms that has been set up specifically with this is that I would want to deploy this on one of our platforms that has been set up specifically with the three stage process that I think we've discussed which or is listed where you have the input agent or the intake agent which is the file handler and let's just call it the workflow process for bringing information into the application. Just called that generically. That's the front door if you will. The intake. Then we have the middle part which is the magic special sauce where the data is computed, analyzed and the work product is produced. Then we have the output or the export agent which is handling taking the work product and formatting it or re presenting it in a way that is desired by the user. End-user or client. That could be any sort of format. Right? Could be file format, PDF doc, word, CSV, excel file, mark down, it could be html, render html, interactive html. It could be mermaids js. It could be workflow flowcharts. You know what I'm talking about right here. To create software to create Vizeo like diagrams it could be full on websites for corporate style for presentations or an actual corporate website for any industry. It could be PowerPoint or presentation style or it could be wire frame or it could be outlines. It could be a script for a podcast or debate or a discussion between two engineers about a technology or it could be any format point being primarily it's going to be in formats that are common to document formats previously mentioned which is the same for the input. Input agent is going to be common as well common formats the date is coming in all the file formats I mentioned plus pictures jpegs that can be ocr for text content for picture and context identification that's important. Or to take a picture of a white board that has project data on it and then have it be able to be parsed via this image handler and ocr data tagged and captured and put into the proper tables so that insights can be gleaned from it and it's useful because it's not useful as a picture until it's turned into homogenized data that can be tagged and categorized and compared with other data or mapped against other data so that you know the relationships in the context it's not just random numbers on a white board. So intake agent multi-format support export agent multi-format support those are largely fixed processes because once they work they work once they're compatible and have been tested typically will tend to stay that way for those functions so they can stay rock solid and the other function is the user access control min in security piece so me rephrase the whole thing so we have the input intake agent responsible for file handling processing and handing off files in the format necessary homogenized to the process agent who's in the middle. He's doing the special function that's either being provided by his own code or via an MCP connection to another server or service or some other function he's performing with the data he just received. That's going to be served like I said internally or externally via MCP optimally that's the special right that's being applied then he'll hand off to the export agent and then he'll put it in the format requested and then that transaction or job is done. Once we have the input agent defined and the output export agent defined those are fixed and we have the database technology that we want to use that is flexible capable future proof innovative has support for MCP and all of the current and ongoing of futuristic features and developments related to MCP and Rapid Deployment Reliability Security all of that. And then a portal for the users to login manage their preferences receive communications from the platform itself and for the platform admin to manage the site and the users. So User Actions Control Security Intake Agent Output Agent Center Control compatibility for MCP. That's the base for the application.Alright and shifting gears here I want to ask you about the deployment command. You mentioned a single command to deploy everything but that would assume that that git clone https link is valid but it's not valid because that's related to this project is it not? Maybe I missed the step above and I haven't fully read it in detail so maybe it describes it up above. But the other thing to note is that I would want to deploy this on one of our platforms that has been set up specifically with this is that I would want to deploy this on one of our platforms that has been set up specifically with the three stage process that I think we've discussed which or is listed where you have the input agent or the intake agent which is the file handler and let's just call it the workflow process for bringing information into the application. Just called that generically. That's the front door if you will. The intake. Then we have the middle part which is the magic special sauce where the data is computed, analyzed and the work product is produced. Then we have the output or the export agent which is handling taking the work product and formatting it or re presenting it in a way that is desired by the user. End-user or client. That could be any sort of format. Right? Could be file format, PDF doc, word, CSV, excel file, mark down, it could be html, render html, interactive html. It could be mermaids js. It could be workflow flowcharts. You know what I'm talking about right here. To create software to create Vizeo like diagrams it could be full on websites for corporate style for presentations or an actual corporate website for any industry. It could be PowerPoint or presentation style or it could be wire frame or it could be outlines. It could be a script for a podcast or debate or a discussion between two engineers about a technology or it could be any format point being primarily it's going to be in formats that are common to document formats previously mentioned which is the same for the input. Input agent is going to be common as well common formats the date is coming in all the file formats I mentioned plus pictures jpegs that can be ocr for text content for picture and context identification that's important. Or to take a picture of a white board that has project data on it and then have it be able to be parsed via this image handler and ocr data tagged and captured and put into the proper tables so that insights can be gleaned from it and it's useful because it's not useful as a picture until it's turned into homogenized data that can be tagged and categorized and compared with other data or mapped against other data so that you know the relationships in the context it's not just random numbers on a white board. So intake agent multi-format support export agent multi-format support those are largely fixed processes because once they work they work once they're compatible and have been tested typically will tend to stay that way for those functions so they can stay rock solid and the other function is the user access control min in security piece so me rephrase the whole thing so we have the input intake agent responsible for file handling processing and handing off files in the format necessary homogenized to the process agent who's in the middle. He's doing the special function that's either being provided by his own code or via an MCP connection to another server or service or some other function he's performing with the data he just received. That's going to be served like I said internally or externally via MCP optimally that's the special right that's being applied then he'll hand off to the export agent and then he'll put it in the format requested and then that transaction or job is done. Once we have the input agent defined and the output export agent defined those are fixed and we have the database technology that we want to use that is flexible capable future proof innovative has support for MCP and all of the current and ongoing of futuristic features and developments related to MCP and Rapid Deployment Reliability Security all of that. And then a portal for the users to login manage their preferences receive communications from the platform itself and for the platform admin to manage the site and the users. So User Actions Control Security Intake Agent Output Agent Center Control compatibility for MCP. That's the base for the application.The database must be as I mentioned robust, vector-capable, AI-compatible, and rapid-access inference capability. You know, things that are geared towards speed capability, MCP, and forward-looking scalability. And then the logic that sits on top of that which is the schema/workflow/knowledge management system that controls how the database stores and retrieves information and all the rule sets around that. We already have defined all that. You probably have access to some of that documentation. So I think between the database, the schema/instruction set that sits on the database, and then the security/access piece which is also user management that will ideally have single sign-on capability, or the ability to integrate into enterprise or not as easy as possible, so it's built-in but you don't have to enact it. And then a basic UI which is robust, like Tailwind or Tailwind admin CSS, or Tremor, or something. But it must be robust, ideal open source, reliable, and flexible. That's why I mentioned Tailwind. It must have a professional, corporate, clean, modern, futuristic look to visually impactful, powerful, and effective and efficient user elements, graphical elements in blocks that we can bring in, move around, reconfigure, recolor, change gradients, whatever the case must be customizable for not just for the admins and what not to build custom dashboards, save them, load them, and share them. But ultimately to be able to apply that give that capability to our users that's really important. They have to have the ability to flexibly modify their own interface within reason, within a set of guidelines that we provide and tools. But we need the ability to lock down those tools and make sure that the set number of options stays that way so that we have a supported product and maintain that support products list. Don't invite problems from other things. The user interface, a reliable, easy way to change it around with dashboards and color schemes and themes, light/dark all those things. Some sort of a built-in process to make sure that the UI that we're building is sound, it's functional, the color schemes work, it's not dark on dark or light on light, all the basic things that we have to correct every time you make an app and AI makes a mistake and puts white text on a white background, and then we got to say, "Here's a screenshot, no white on white, no dark on dark. We need it encode these rules at the beginning. This is basic stuff, basic stuff that we should all be aware of. No light on light, no dark on dark must have contrast. Make it look professional. Imagine you are looking at it from a stakeholder's perspective. How would you feel about it? Are you excited about it? Is it blah, boring? Does it do what it's supposed to? Does it confuse you? Does it frustrate you? What would you like to see if you could snap your fingers and have it be perfect? Through the lens of that individual who will be using it. Is it the procurement manager? Is it the head of IT? Is it a general counsel? Is it an HR VP? Is it the employee? Is it an engineer? Is it an administrative assistant? Is it a staffing representative? Everybody looks through a different lens from a different angle from a different degree. Unless you attempt to walk a mile in their shoes or in this case, sit for a minute in their chair and operate their keyboard as they would, seeing through their eyes and their frame and mindset. Unless you do that, you cannot possibly begin to imagine whether or not the solution you're building will actually solve their problem or it will just solve the problem you think needs solving in the way that you think they might access it. But you really don't know because you haven't taken a moment to try and build the mindset and the research necessary to put yourself in their position. Then if you don't do all that, we're not going to have a good showing. You're going to have to go back to multiple times for multiple feedback rounds because we didn't hit it right in the beginning and ask the question up front which we know we need to ask because it's going to come up. These are the things that are just givens in all of these things. Us not knowing that makes us look unprofessional. Us not planning for that would make us look like we've never done this. Us not doing our due diligence on things to make sure that all of the fields that would be necessary in a VMS are there and then some and even the optional ones that not everyone uses. Need to be there or available. Same for the other menu items within the modules when you're doing actions that a Procurement Manager would do. Those actions better be there. There better be logic in there for them. They better work when we put calculations in there and we look at the result. There's no room for error here, right? So you must put your mindset on of the master procurement.