Yes exactly system won't let you I gave you that analogy a long time ago okay as 400 mainframe why person still use from the nineteen eighties because they're reliable you don't crash they don't break problems run why what's different about them every other computer has problems all the time kids and hangs viruses crashes... they don't crash, they don't break, they don't have problems. They just run. Why? What's different about them than every other computer that has problems all the time? It gets... It hangs, it has viruses, it crashes. Okay, why? What is the difference? Why would banks and insurance companies continue to use mainframe? Because in their business, reliability and predictability and forecasting is everything. It's- literally have businesses built around it. Insurance forecasting predicting based on what accuracy of data. If data is not accurate out of business. Understand? In addition the reason they are so accurate reliable is because they accept limited inputs. They have supported commands and unsupported commands and there are very few supported commands and they must be entered in in exactly the right way in syntax and order or they won't work at all. It will just say no try again nope no not taking that command no you're wrong keep going keep trying and when you finally get it and accepts it you know it's going to work because it's curated it's only a certain number of commands you can do in a certain way and so if you type it right the system the system will execute that and make it happen you can rely on because those pathways are rock-solid and there's no variability okay understand that critical fact to Carven Stone: variability and flexibility which is what PCs have to be able to support all the different hardware and software is what is their weakness that's their vulnerability as well okay inflexibility promotes reliability. Because there's fewer factors that could cause instability a while right there's no wild cards. Wild cards are unpredictable things that can occur and when you remove them which is the point of the platform it's to remove uncertainty. Wildcards create uncertainty. It's the definition wild cards they could be anything just like in Uno card game you get a wild you can make it any thing you want to match you know your cards or to be at your advantage that's a wild card in business we don't like wild cards we want predictable dependable forecastable knowable information so that we can be know that we will have our security reliably covered while we put our energy into this endeavor and then when I wake up one day and not have security it's like looking over your shoulder you don't want to be in a situation where you're not sure you're not 100 sure that you're okay and that's what it feels like when you're running with a demo that you had not you haven't received the validation that you need to feel comfortable enough that you're not going to run into a snag like what happened so I'm gonna like set this entire thing this is critical insight for the entire platform and the totality of our collaboration and should inform everything we do. 