What about making a standard for reference? A template standard for different types of pages that need to display different types of information. Whether it be heavily visual, heavily text based like spreadsheet, card based like heavy dashboard only, no detail or other focus. and assist and work with the user to support them in this way thus if a page is designed think about like this if a detail page or an action page an action a detail action page so that would be clicking on an alert that then brings up a special page, the triage page or you know the For analyzing documents or if we're using AI to generate content or for maybe analyzing and reviewing documents thus the interface is specifically architected for that purpose which would mean that the design cues and the form and the function of that page is different than every other page. It is specialized opportunity assessment evaluator or the challenge assistant or you know some some wording that indicates this is a trusted individual who helps you by providing you what you need to make rapid decisions based on data intelligence and just like we discussed earlier it is a specialized page that when it shows up it's there for one purpose and one purpose only and that's why it gets paid big bucks that's why it doesn't need to adhere to certain scheduling that's why everything else adapts to it because it has the special in quotes. The special is the thing that differentiates it is the thing that the others don't have ... expert guidance that learns your style and knows, and sees the world through your eyes. And you know, could even give the um, users the ability to write a paragraph or two t- to, to express how they like to work or how they see the world or their job or whatever. Like you know, nothing like a test but- and the reason why they can't perform this function because they don't have the focus in the training and understanding in experience in context they're busy doing other things that the specialist in is not because this is what they do right so that's what we need we need to look at it like that. In this case the specialist is the unique pages and process is that governed and assist and work with the user too support them in this way thus if a if a page is designed think about like this if a detail page or an action page an action detail action page so that would be clicking on an alert that then brings up a special page the triage page or you know the uh, invite them to you know describe what procurement means to them or what you know some something that helps. um, but that's- that's the goal. Is um, your specialist is bringing in a special tool that will help you achieve opportunity assessment evaluator or the challenge assistant or you know some some wording that indicates this is a trusted individual who helps you by providing you what you need to make rapid decisions based on data intelligence and your goal faster. And potentially it may be the only way that you can achieve your goal is with this tool that's why he's called in and they pay the big bucks to get the expert okay? It's um, just for an example if there's an investigation at a corporation that requires an electronic discovery or a image capture from hard drives of people that are named in the this potential litigation or what expert guidance. That learns your style and knows and sees the world through your eyes and you know could even give the um users the ability to write a paragraph or two to to express how they like to work or how they see the world or their job or whatever. like you know nothing like a test but not. The on-site IT typically does not do the collections they will not image the hard drives and provide them to the legal team because they're not trained in that. That's- that's a forensic process that requires chain of custody paperwork special equipment that note date time operator hash- hash the files so that in court is defensible they can point to it and say look proper procedures were followed here's the data here's the logs ... invite them to, you know, describe what procurement means to them or what... You know some- something that helps. Um, but that's- that's the goal, is um, your specialist is bringing in a special tool that will help you achieve- your goal faster and potentially it may be the only way that you can achieve your goal is with this tool. That's why he's called in and they paid a big bucks to get the expert okay it's just for an example if there's an investigation at a corporation that requires an electronic discovery or a image capture from hard drives of people that are named in this potential litigation or what you know this is defensible. We can prove what we say okay? and typical IT departments with all the tools that they have they do not typically possess these tools for the expertise to do this competently that would be defensible so they will hire a company to come into do the collections at a cost of many thousands thousands of dollars because it has to be done right according to spec by spec not. The on-site IT typically does not do the collections they will not image the hard drives and provide them to the legal team because they're not trained in that. That's a forensic process that requires chain of custody paperwork special equipment that note, date, time operator hash- hash the files so that in court it is defensible they can point to it and say look proper procedures were followed here's the data here's the logs. or specialist, right? A speculist specialist who is educated and trusted in that field to know what they need to know that the others don't so that they don't make a bad choice and get a bad result. They want success, they wanna win, they want to achieve the goal, they wanna solve the case, they want to continue to move forward. You know this is defensible we can prove what we say okay and typical IT departments with all the tools that they have they do not typically possess these tools or the expertise to do this competently that would be defensible so they will hire a company to come in and do the collections at a cost of many thousands and thousands of dollars because it has to be done right according to spec by spec Unimpeded without resistance or friction and to do that and not have to potentially come back later and explain what happened. They want to exclaim that we used a professional forensic person in that analogy so we want that for this every detail page must be a specialist. Compare data display text data.