On the dashboard, Mark is the project management consultant from the staffing agency. That is helping to try to bring some clarity to the chaos at the client site. Ben is the project management head of that group and is focused on getting a handle on all of the projects and all of their statuses. There's over 150 projects so there's plenty of details in there about that. Ben is the one who needs to be able to enter information about the projects using the chatbot strategy that we built with Eleven Labs or using a web form or maybe he can email in the project information or text it in using Twilio, whatever the case. Really right now he just needs the ability to do it via a web form. I already have made the Eleven Labs bot that is going to capture voice, send me a link and then send me an email and I can send him an email with all of his details. Then it needs to parse that data and put it into the same interface that a manual entry would be either through an API or mcp or some other method like Playwright. The bottom line is the goal to get all the information in there is to then be able to determine where deficiencies still are what information is still lacking it's needed to make judgment calls on priority and resources and everything else to give clarity to be able to sort them prioritize determine that they're still relevant determine who the stakeholders are determine what assets are assigned what money is owed what people and resources where they are in the renewal process all of that what computers and servers were assigned projects that's that's all the stuff that needs to be captured and understood and sorted That is the current emergency so there's two emergency situations that's one of them and the one that goes hand in hand is the BMS emergency same situation they support each other and they have to get a handle on the contracts because they don't know um who there are a lot that are not things that are happening daily that weren't known so they need to be known.

So for the executive command center the views then should be what I described. He would be the head of project management for this innovation division. Mark is assisting him as a consultant in the staffing of the company trying to help him get a handle on things and support him in a big site move of 700 people into a new facility that hadn't yet been fully spec'd and needed a lot of ground work. They determined that cisco switches on site were all unlicensed or they were they'd expired to support and they hadn't known that and they had 700 people moving in in December and they just found out about these end of life switches that now need to be completely upgraded and then have a whole lot of time to do it so that's an example of realizing "oh my gosh we gotta move these people" and nobody had any idea these switches were out of spec or whatever. So that's the urgency for Mark or for Ben and Mark's helping him with that. Mark brought in detailed project tracker that he'd made previously at another job to try to help get a handle on this stuff. If you want that I can provide that. Wes is in charge of the procurement team. He is the biggest stakeholder here that we need to design for procurement and statement of works that pass the procurement process. That work must be 100% dialed, professional as mind-blowing as possible in the most positive ways. 