And then down below where it says actionable recommendations. It's good. It says medium effort in orange and the green text is low effort. That's correct. But because it's three in a row three recommendations they should be alternating in color almost like a the Excel spreadsheet alternates blue and white when you create a table like that. Just help the user out so they don't have to figure out and compute where the one ends and one begins. Right? That's a mental process. It's a work uses units of energy that are unnecessary. If we separate it then they can immediately at a glance go to where they need to without having to read anything and process it. If it's all the same color then they have to read it to ascertain if it's connected or if it's different. Right? They have to filter out the noise which is exactly what we're trying to do predictably. Okay? So really think hard about this. This is really a key part of what we're trying to do and what we outline in all of our policy documents. So yeah. Alright. Moving along. The reports and notifications. So there's no notifications it says you're all caught up. New notifications will appear here when actions require attention. Well, we should have a way to generate I just got another error status code undefined at the bottom of the page. Error 404. But we should have a way to generate notifications from within the admin just to demonstrate that function or just some way to have some in there that we can look at and interact with. Maybe there's just a button that says regenerate notifications so that after you acknowledge them all you can like, you know I'm not sure. We also need a place to define the thresholds, right? All the thresholds when they reach a certain point we need to know what that logic is when we'll be notified when other people will be notified, right? When it's like all hands on deck because this indicates that something significant requires fixing immediately. They need to be able to define those notifications and define who those users are that will be notified. And the system also needs to have an email interface, the ability to create and generate emails and SOW responses and analysis and contract analysis and response for the missing data so that if somebody sends you any document, to procurement, he can put it through the appropriate analyzer and it will tell him if, you know, all the details about if it's to his advantage or not, which clauses are missing, what he should ask questions about, what's incomplete, what could be negotiated, you know, all of those things. That's what he wants the ability to do. And then once it's analyzed to make a rapid decision that with a button-click or two takes that information and his decision and packages it and processes it the way that it can be delivered and output in the way that he requested. Whether that's a PDF an email text text file or posted into the portal for the user the vendor who you know ultimately will have a portal account that they can log in to and communicate with procurement through that. So procurement would be able to send them a question or document request a document and then the the other party the external supplier will get an email notification: Hey there's a new update in the ticket can you log in? Check it out. He logs in he sees all his new messages notifications documents questions and then he can either upload a new PDF or upload the sections missing or whatever needs to happen he can do it in the portal but having that set up like that keeps everybody attached to a single source of truth right a single source of truth in a single pane of glass for HR VMS and procurement HR IS and eventually IT and asset management but for now just stuff on the MVP. 