Also, when done with these next set of edits, we need to look at all the menu boxes, icons, items and categorize them. Are they user related? Are they admin related? If they are user related, are they related to their daily job working with POs and looking at things? Or are they administrative user related? Like profile, dashboard, preferences, that kind of thing. Maybe change password etc. So we need to classify and categorize them and then determine which need to be taken up real estate and which can be nested or hidden or something. Certainly the admin menu can be nested, can be a drop-down, and it is enabled when the admin logs in. Or you can be in the demo and then the admin is not enabled. Making clicking on login admin in Brilliant put the password in and then get access to the admin drop-down and all those functions. That's important so that we minimize the set of actions that are available to only those things that we have that the user is going to be relevant. So there's no extra noise. They're not going to be confused because that could cause them to question whether or not this was well thought out. So we give them exactly what they need, organize it in the order and method is optimal, and then we hide the noise so that it's there when we need it. And that's a criteria we should follow everywhere. Just like your house. You want to clean it up, you want to put everything away so when you walk in there's nothing that distracts you from your mission. Hotel room is a great analogy. When you walk in a hotel room, no matter where you're going on business trip on a vacation, whatever, the hotel room is clean, there's nothing out of place, everything is has a purpose. You walk right in, you feel that cleanliness, you see the sliding glass door and whatever view that is, you look at the bathroom, everything's perfect, it's ready, it's been prepared for them. Carefully to the point where the toilet paper is folded so it looks nice. That's what we're trying to create because that's a feeling of freshness and clarity. You walk into that hotel room, you are up for anything. There's nothing there that's nagging at you for your attention that needs to be done that hasn't been put away, that is part of your to-do list that's still unfinished. Do you understand that concept? There's no mental noise. So that's the same analogy. You could get a whole lot done in a space like that because there's nothing detracting from your attention or your intention. Nothing is trying to trigger you away to less long-term beneficial actions. There's nothing trying to get you to do short-term pleasure instead of what you need long-term. Which can happen at home with distractions and all the things that are all around you that remind you of other things besides what you're doing and should be doing. The hotel room has none of those things. There's nothing on the to-do list. It's whatever you want to do. That's the point. So we want to give the user a vacation every time they open the platform so they're focused as if they were in a hotel room