All right.
All right, here we go. Let's do a review since the last audio didn't come out. So you've got 2 graphics? One is screenshot, one is the screenshot that's marked up with different colored boxes, and I'm going to tell you what you need to do with them. First and foremost again to spend over time graph that sits next to the budget Vs spend graph that both sit underneath. This white boxed, AI powered insights area need to be addressed. The department budgets Vs spend those bars, showing the quantities should be changeable. In color or texture, they are bland as they are. The spend over time graph is consistent. There's no variation to it. And it makes one wonder if it's actually functional or not. This needs to have dynamic information. Nation that is showing action and motion and movement and the flow of things. And the direction so that people know there's life, they don't want a dead platform. They want to know that there's things that are happening in the background. And that there are things being looked at and evaluated, and someone is someone aka. This system is always watching their back. That's what they want. Make that a priority, make them know that it's got them. It's watching their back. It's in their corner, it's their secret. Weapon It's a second set of eyes with their best interests at heart that they know that they can count on. Okay, think about that. What that means that's the equivalent of a loved one. The Guardian protector a parental figure, a guide, a supervisor or a mentor someone there that is shattering them to make sure that they are. They're okay and they're there to catch them. Okay, that's the concept. So how would you communicate that to the people? You would be reassuring them without overtly. Coddling them, but you would be reassuring them through the display of information that you visually will express on screen. Okay.
So you want to be able to show them at a glance. Their priorities at the top of your list and that you're on it. You're keeping them humming in sixth gear. You're keeping them at frictionless, you're keeping them able to continue stacking disks of awareness. You're keeping them stable. You're keeping them. You're you're keeping away the uncertainty. You're removing the anxiety, you're removing the triggers that cause detrimental chemicals or hormones to be or neurochemicals. To be introduced into the system which then changes how they evaluate data coming in because it changes their weighted values. The weighted values that they place on each differently. Type of data and type of interaction. Now has a different modifier if their head is in a different space, if they're in a survival space, a concerned space. A worry space, a fearful space, then the environment is different than in a secure supported. Calm, confident, creative space and those are 2 very distinct spaces that can be very easily. Identified and it can be ascertain what space someone is in and how their decisions are going to be different depending on which space which outwardly may not be. Immediately obvious and may take some discussion with them and interactions to feel that to hear it, to be able to unpack it from language and interactive data. So if the goal is frictionless community Locations in removing all resistance, frictionless, communication and removing all resistance. Then, we need to do that by letting them stay focused on what they know to be. Their priorities well, because which we are empowering them to do because the platform is staying focused on the back end and keeping them from dropping anything while they put maximum energy on the creative, the most important parts that only they can do. When they're fully engaged, which they have been unable to do thus far because they haven't felt supported by the systems that are in play. But they have had to still dedicate mental resources towards that, because they don't trust that. Everything is in the systems or that the systems work well or that they're at all focused on their particular. And individual needs, they're more like generalized systems that everybody can access. But they have to derive their own insights from based on their own lenses that is what we are doing away with completely. So a couple other A couple other areas? So first off the starting from the top of this screenshot down the Orange arrow, pointing at the triage, with the 2 in red circle alert and the I think it's 3 in the Orange. Alert, those need to be a little bit more prominent. The 2 should be glowing or pulsing. If it's that small that a glower pulse to remind them to open it up and see the larger alert icons, which are beautiful in that area. So we want to have bring more attention to that. Immediately below that the red box that contains the template font size of nature of the page view access.
Can we move that into To the section, which is like the sprocket for settings and user profile. So you can click on that. And you can change all that It doesn't need prime real estate. It needs to be off to the side. Maybe at the bottom or the current theme? Icons are and instead in that place where the green arrow is pointing to that red box. Let's put the AI cube insights that we've created. These are user-created, these are user-defined. They are there because the user wants them and they're specific, which means they want them in their view site. So they can be up there in the upper right hand corner. And they mean something to the user, that's why they created them with the right notifications and criteria. Icons in color and thresholds etc going down the page. In blue, the action required area is a beautiful color combination, but it's not in the right spice. It breaks up the page flow and the cards. Don't communicate enough information significance to warrant that much screen. Real estate, remember the objective? Luxurious sports car dashboard. Everything needs a purpose. And it should be immediately obvious. So those need to be, we have to figure out a different spot for those. Maybe it's a smaller square in a corner or something. But let's rethink that also the cards above that active contractors and procurement pool management budget utilization active alerts their numbers displayed on cards with color which is good. But that's different from graphics. We're still reading numbers. We're not looking at actual visuals, so that part's not really the dashboard in the way that we would expect it. The ones below that the buyer assignment, the gr authorization gr utilization and current period pos. Those are kind of nice because they're small. They don't take up much space, but they do communicate some valuable information that I like the ones above them. The larger cards should really be full on beautiful graphics. For dashboards, let's not waste the opportunity for the biggest impact when they log in on the platform to just blow them away with. Ideally, I mean, this would be where you would put your animations your flow. Your pulse charts, your directions, your, you know, how do these things all work together? Where's the where's the big overall flow shark? Where they can see from a 50000 foot, how the information the money communication flows right? A centralized flow diagram for this entire platform and organization, and maybe they have some ability to edit or modify that map. But that map is beautifully. Graphic is legendary and it is what they could immediately click on to go to where they want to go. And the application visually, or they could choose for the text menu on the side or buttons, or whatnot, but I recall for me personally as it did. Follower and someone who consumes a tremendous amount of information across domains, mind maps are exponentially more intuitive to me than text lists or documents by orders of magnitude that are difficult to quantify. Because the acquisition of visual information and relationships using a mind map type structure as a concept instantly connects concepts to their apparent concept. And to their parent concept, and so in a nutshell, and in one glance, you could see an entire workflow structure. And understand things that it would take you pages and pages to read. And 2 think about and 2 try to understand which you still may not to the degree of resolution, you could with a single picture, a single graph, a single workflow document, a single vizio. So take all that into mind. Along with the legendary nature of what we are building and the necessity for that asset.And element and interactive tool to be legendary as well and let's build it according to spec