There is no depth behind the headers. There's no difference in their size. In fact, the tab headers are smaller than some of the other text, and they're not capitalized. Just when some of the other text is all capitalized but of less importance or the copy buttons are half of the screen away. I gotta scroll all the way over to get access to them. But that line will never be that big. So you'll see that I have a lot more space on this one, so it's a little bit easier to think about why would we allocate that much space? We could double up or put something else over there, like maybe a visual, a graphic, a dashboard that highlights some trend about our agents, how much they're being used, how much they apply and are relevant, how many calls they've taken, statistics. That's what a dashboard is. And that's a perfect use case for space like this. Not take up half of a 34-inch or 38-inch monitor's width with empty space leading to a couple tiny icons on either side. Right? We have to be dynamic thinkers. This page needs to go pow! I need to be excited about looking at the page. About doing what it says, about where it's gonna take me. Where is this page taking me? What am I gonna get to do on the page? What am I going to interact with? What can I produce? How much power can this page give me? What super powers will it offer me? If I use this page right, how can I combine it with other things to have an even bigger super power? That's what I'm thinking. And so, I wanna be blown away and I wanna be able to see right away how cool this is gonna get. Don't hold back. Here's the flow. You know, we go boom boom boom boom boom all the way to here and you show them the whole loop. This is what we can do. Here's an example of how we can use this in IT. Here's another example for project management, for resumes, for um... But this is how we do it. We have a philosophy, you know? Which is-- You know what it is. And we choose to focus on this and we emphasize the importance of meeting people where they are and trying to accommodate them going through a lot of stress. Right? So we choose voice because it's a lot more comfortable to interact with and it's just how humans work and because we study that we are confident that this could make a huge difference in how much people will drop their guard a bit and really express themselves during the interview process and get to know them so that you can build an accurate assessment of how best to champion their abilities and help them. And grow and become more successful together and have a more successful placement that the client will be happier with. 