What if this used a separate and independent version of Velocity's project management process specifically for the admin login that had a page where we were tracking all of the deliverables for the platform itself and the schedule but we're using the logic and the technology within the platform to do that? Outside of the view of the users or access but it's still using improving and eating our own dog food at the same time although it'd be password protected behind an admin and maybe a sub-admin super admin login which yeah you can go ahead and make a super admin login and that's where that would be.

So the admin would be some normal interface changes and things related to configuration of the application itself and its behavior but the super admin is going to be where the business specific documentation or development specific code or prompts or the stuff that was used to create the platform itself that should not be available to the users or downloadable viewable only to the admins because that represents IP. And so the super admins need to have access to that because not even regular admins should be able to download the entire platform config just to recreate it. That's a very secure process.

So yeah an admin for the site themes in the normal configuration you know checking on the status of the APIs or if things aren't working or to look at the logs or anything like that and then a separation bat in super admin which is the business plans, the advice for meetings, conversations and then even the meeting presentation walkthroughs those need to be in the super admin because no one's going to see that. The user's not a tech person helping from our side they're not going to be presenting. The presentation could contain business information that should be discreet. Anything with a potential for discrete is required put it in a super admin menu just make that password uberadmin like u b e r A D M I N and then make the regular admin password admin and make it changeable within the super admin for both of those passwords and also enable or disable gateway access at all like the password screen at all or just have it be guest demo mode you know general log on.

Should be able to create individual login accounts for the users this will be tied into single sign-on and some other authentication methods moving forward but for now I'm just looking for a simplistic way that we can create user account with the user username, password, and email and phone number that's what that's the basics we need once we have that we can use the phone number for SMS calling we can use the email for notifications and communication verification and then of course the name and division or building or department or whatever and we'll know who they are what they do and maybe what access level or what default groups to assign them to.

And so as part of that onboarding in the new user account creation they'll get sent a verification email which eventually will have them click on it to authenticate but for now if we could just send them an email saying welcome to the platform here's the link to access it and we can put some other custom information in there some help maybe a link to the chatbot about the platform so they can learn more etc.

So we need to come up with the onboarding process for Velocity itself. In the beginning we're going to be creating user accounts and setting all that up ourselves in the future we may have an automated process where employees can log in and create their own accounts but that's where we're at right now. So we just really want to start to button this up it's got to be complete, package can't have any holes showing, can't look like a dev app. We have to be able to walk through a complete expected, finished application walkthrough go to the webpage, see the home page create an account receive confirmation log back in see what's available by default with the default welcome message and some tips and tricks maybe in the home page of the account with an explanation of the resources available in the user account. The help resources available chatbots that can walk you through stuff some of the helpful information capture bots and project bots and then touch on the AI access for the resources maybe touches on the contract analyzer maybe touches on me skillset analyzer or the prognosis or prediction forecast model analyzer. Anyway it's talking about those describing what they do and how to access them on a general way links as well as anything else helpful about the platform that they would want to know or that would make their experience better the very first time they log in. In addition to that maybe some customization options that they can do to change it from light to dark theme or change the dashboard widgets, where the order they display how to save it into a custom dashboard and enable it, how to share it download it, how to modify aspects that they need and the notification criteria and maybe the color scheme. And anything else that would make their experience more customized. 