Something else I'd like to explore. Since we're doing our prototype development in Replit, I would like to explore some of the integrations and functions that exist within the Replit IDE. We're already using many of these functions, but some of the ones that we are using or have used less and want to explore to see if there's some significant benefit from implementation of these would be any of these functions that could be performed across the entire workspace, the team group. I built about 50 applications, and I would like to see if there's a way to probe those applications, essentially gaining access to the root level so that I can determine so that I can run a command either with a remote agent that has access via SSH or some other internal Replit capability to run this command that will help us ascertain what the application is, what it does, what it's for, what state it's in. What's currently functional in terms of its core initial objectives. What still needs to be worked on or debugged or is in an unsure state? What unique aspects the program has or innovations or other noteworthy functions that are atypical that are powerful or that can be used as force multipliers when combined with other functions and modules that we've made for the team portfolio of applications. So it's really like the chaos to control project ironically step instead of the projects. These are all applications for different purposes. Many of them are to support HR, ATS, and BMS functions. Some of them are supposed to support ITAD, IT, and system remediation functions. Some of them are to do research, some of them are to create tools so that we can build better prompts and better apps to do more of those previous things. The faster, easier, with less resources required, more efficiently, reliably, etc. So there's a huge categorization of different types of apps. Really none of them are for entertainment. There's some that are for informational testing out extreme research prompts to let's say capture all the information about a city or a business opportunity or an industry. Or how to research sellers and buyers of different technology in support of the ITAD projects as well as asset management barcode software for building extensive reports and done-for-you business is related to or keyed from domain names and research on valuation. There are multiple systems that are designed for MCP integration and assisting with bridging applications across technology boundaries and their focus is attempting to make that more streamlined and reliable process for developers handling a lot of the API and the MCP connectivity and handoffs between different systems like N8N and Hostinger. VPS N8N support. There's documentation about conversational AI implementation on a large scale in support of the applications we're developing and best practices there. Quite a lot of technical details that would be useful and necessary to deploy all of this with the minimum research additional research being required as we're providing it up front in PDFs and other ways to be able to search locally and find that answer much faster and keep going rather than going down the rabbit hole. So ultimately would like to be able to pull that information automatically from a central source that has access to all of these if there was a way to do that with a team administrative password that could do that that would be great. If it's not then maybe it's a much faster way we've actually developed other Replit for this to communicate with other Replit and to help them with challenges and whatever. But just some additional notes I'm interested in that bulk categorization process and then once we have a list we can figure out who has the insights we need or the modules and if they're not made yet we can have the module conversion code run so it converts that into a module. We can export them all out then we'll have a directory of modules that we can homogenize, deploy, document and they become our IP database for a system that manages all of that and that has the ability to deploy those with MCP through MCP connections to host servers and whatnot without user requirement doing any manual coding or inserting cutting pasting prepping. This is all stuff that can be done automatically with Replit and other platforms refined etc. 