Yeah, so like I was saying, in a nutshell, and as has been stated in the documentation, I'm not sure which files but you think it through. We are attempting to reduce the amount of mental and physical operations that are required by the user to accomplish A) the same things they're doing today but in a way that feels and is more focused, anticipatory, and aware with the goal of enabling the company, the system, and the user or the manager or the person responsible for that information within the company that has to use that system to interact with that data in a way that is specific to his job description or her job description. And then they must confirm that based on their own expertise, the protocol or the process set up is using it is taking that data and running it through a particular set of variables or modifiers (whether it's a math problem or it's a summarization or it's a needle in a haystack text or document in a file system), whatever it is, it has to satisfy the core objective and meet the requirements, the duty requirements. Let's call them that. The chain of custody. The documentation. The metadata capture. The auditability. The audit trail of access... and metadata when it changed and when it didn't, and you know, the IP essentially, but defensibility. That's what it comes down to. You have to do the thing you say you're gonna do correctly, and you have to do it in such a way that you can easily defend it because it self-documents. You never have to explain. You don't have to exclaim so it should always be an exclamation, not an explanation, because an exclamation is a creative act. You're generating, you're exclaiming. You're putting it out in the world the energy and that information you're exclaiming something you're shouting it loudly you're speaking with energy so that it sticks more. That's why you would do it as an explain. An explain is said with soft words because it's something that you're not wanting to share everywhere. You don't want everybody to know that. You're explaining, you're giving a reason why something occurred which means that it wasn't self-evident to who's ever asking. Which means that in the case of a service or platform like this, if somebody still has a question or somebody has doesn't understand something, then we have not done our due diligence. We have not looked at the platform through their eyes truly because if we had we would have seen it with the scoping that they have according to their position and what's required of it. You have to want to see it through. If they don't have the experience or haven't done these other things to be able to infer answers to things that aren't obvious, then we need to supplement that so that they are fully informed in every phase what is being asked of them and how they can achieve it.