Also, before we proceed, can you confirm that we are still tracking on all of our previous learnings, knowings, and objectives and awarenesses that we gathered so wonderfully as AI insights and knowings about development, the project, the way people work together, etc? That we're using the testing checklists and the strategic insights and that we are using Playwright to test and look at screenshots. And we are referencing our MVP in our master plan and the purpose of the application and the demo and the MVP and what we're doing and who's going to be using it and how they see it and through what lens. And all of these things that we've worked on diligently with the life of this project which meta data you probably have. I'd be curious to know the total number of back-and-forths we've had if you have calcs on characters and chats and tokens and all of that. It would be interesting if it didn't cost a lot to generate that summary. Anyway all these things that we've developed through our interactions: expanded role definitions discovery framework multi lens expert switching. The assessment prompts in the business logic maps very important to make sure that we are authentic in what we say we're doing. The Context Engine intelligent auto classification of incoming information and dashboard module that allows us to have a flexible dashboard system which I haven't tested yet. Deviation detection when we're going off on journeys which we shouldn't need to stay with our intention focused and making sure that the pain points of the client are being addressed and focused on as key because that's what matters right now. So I just want to make sure we're not forgetting any of those things or the master platform objectives and any of the other insights and wonderful information that we've generated and we've gathered researched and collected from other replets as part of this larger collaboration. Thank you. And any thoughts on any of that that you could let me know kind of where we are with that? That would be great, because that's a big part. That's the core mission and philosophy. 