So yeah, that's the dashboard. That is how you experience the world through your eyes. That is how you experience the platform through your eyes. All you can see is the platform. That's all that matters. And so the dashboard is the eyes and ears of the user from that point on. That means that every area of their experience that involves business and work will be seen visually through the mind's eye of this interface, this dashboard. Think about the importance of that. Think about the importance of an impact of every single day, every transaction, almost everything they do will be staring at this, clicking through this, interacting with this. Not one person, not two people, not ten people, but certainly right now in the beginning, it's a few for this MVP. It's less than five. It's really primarily Wes. It's primarily procurement. That's why this is so focused on that for him, the VMS aspect. But he also handles the ATS part of it and everything else. But the VMS is the thing that's getting them in the weeds along with everything else and the project management piece as well. But so that's the dashboard is the interface. That's how they see and experience this world. We have to take that very, very seriously in all the ways. Right? So the integrity part that ensures that underneath the surface, it's not just a screenshot of a template from a template house for websites. It's not a facade, it's not fake, it's not pretending to be something that it's not. This is authentic, it has integrity. You can't push it over, it will stand strong and it can prove what it says. That's why that right along aspect is so critical. And then no work, no credit concept which can be easily proven within a very stylish way as well as the triage. Right? Like think about it like this. The highest paid experts and consultants for any field, particularly those that are involved in high-stress environments, disaster negotiators, you know, venture cap dealmakers make huge deals right. They are specialists in their field. So usually, and you will see this in movies and television whenever that person rolls up to the scene, he's the investigator, he is the forensic examiner. He's the guy that everybody looks to for answers because he's the specialist in that particular field. So when the specialist shows up, usually there's other people that recognize his position and importance and immediately provide him with the information that he needs to do his job. So the backstory, the details, what happened? Where's the evidence? Orient me, what am I looking at here? Where's the work? Walk me through what happened so I have a context. As I walk through this, I can start to put pieces together. Right? So in other words, he's provided with all of the detail that he needs at the start so that he is prepared to do what he has to do. That only he can do after that. But he doesn't have to collect that other data usually, all that has been compiled and is presented to them when they arrive, and then they take it from there. Just like in the data recovery world that I used to be a part of for many many years. Whenever something would happen, somebody would call and say they had an issue with a server or a data center or something went down. I would immediately start asking the top person in there a series of questions to assess the scenario and build an understanding of what has transpired so that I can conceptualize potential root failure cause analysis or potential solutions for that specific problem. But it requires knowledge, it requires details, a number of them, key ones, in order to weed out, filter out all the noise that could come into play if you didn't have those details and you had to speculate with a much, much, much larger set of potential data to incorporate. That is key. So you must immediately get rid of the noise as much as possible for them and for the system, and just when they want to see some information, clear everything else out, and you show them precisely, exactly, clearly, easy to understand, visually with colors, contrast, separators, and all of the rules that would need to be in place for an optimal viewing experience with minimal visual and optical stress, maximum imprintation, and positivity giving back to the user with each interaction. If that's possible, making them feel better, more accomplished. Like maybe that's another side thought, this side progress tracker that somehow indicates on the screen like that you're making forward momentum. And that's what people want to see. They want to see that their actions matter and that they're moving towards making progress towards their goals and the company's goals.