Yes, let's be crystal clear about that. Let me tell you exactly how I feel, what's going through my mind right now, which I promise you is exactly what will be going through other people's minds as they encounter that. The what else means I don't know what else, so can I trust it? Because if I can't fully trust it, remember, if you can't fully trust something, then you cannot stand behind it. You can't risk your survival and your family on it. On what? On someone else's opinion? On their word? You're gonna trust your job and livelihood on that because someone else said so? That's why trust and authenticity is so important. The chain has to be solid. Every link in the chain has to be following the same protocol. Otherwise it's not going to have the same strength and when put under stress one of those links is going to break because it was lying about that it was stress-tested. It didn't get tampered. It didn't go through the same hardening process as the other ones did even though it thinks it did because it looks the same. Hey the color is the same! That means I went through the same process! So I guess we're all the same! No you're not and you're gonna find out when you're gonna put under load under stress and that's the worst possible time. That's when you need to be supported in order to stay strong. You see that's why that's how fast confidence is lost remember confidence is lost when you can't predict the prediction model of something else or someone else if you can't predict it then it doesn't make logical sense to you if you can't forecast it or understand it ... then you can't be sure that you can guarantee that it's not not working, that it's not broken, that it's not failing you when it says it's not failing you. And thus, you are supposed to go out into the world and tell everyone about how trustworthy and honest and what a great partner you ha- you are because you do the right things, and you don't do dumb things, and you- don't do things maliciously and you are in it for the collaboration and for the partnership. right. You say all those things that's all the right things to say but if you've then used go and trust another system that is not properly validating its own conclusions then you are only as good as the weakest link that you trust. 