left and the right of the screen or legendary attention borders depth gradients you know there's a gap between the spreadsheets and the cars up top unnecessarily you need to minimize scrolling we also need search bars on anything on every page that has data and they need to be dynamic responsive almost like a jack style you know type in a few things and get your results they should be on every single page in addition to the sortation arrows okay also on the purchase orders the padding in between the rows is too much and it's a little confusing it needs to be clear Cleaner. Remember, these are people that are used to looking at spreadsheets all day long. Um, you got to make it easy for them to transition with defined areas that don't require the eye and the brain to figure out if the left and right match because there's no line in the middle, right? And we do- we do have some lines here but we also have a lot of padding and we have a lot of text that's all white. Again, status on purchase orders should have a different color. The Renewal date should be colored based on how long until it renews if that's possible so if it's more than X number of months, its green. If it's less than X number, its yellow. If it's less than even smaller amount, then it's red. So again at a glance you can see what's going to expire soon without even having to sort or click. And the POs- POs should have another field which is like a department alone without being embedded in the description. Don't- don't rely on the description to categorize this. It needs to have a second column that says you know it's for IT, it's for this group, it's for this group whatever. That needs to be its own thing so it can be sorted on. And what other PO information should be listed here? I Okay when I go from page to page, page 1. Okay here we go. Total budget current page, okay and that says current page only. We need one that says total budget all pages or something and we need some of these to be at risk and expiring soon, right? So that we can populate those numbers on the cards on top after we shrink them down a little bit and luxurify everything.