 Something else I find interesting is the Dashboard. What did you call it? DAIS. They called it DAIS, the integrity system. It made me think of Deus or Dias. It's like that. Critical from the architect from the god perspective, Deus, because it is literally the interface between the user and the system. That's where it all happens. That's the present. That's the moment that both sides touch when the god reaches out and the finger touches the user, and the user then interacts with a system that is essentially virtual. It's made up of invisible magic. So to speak. And so it's like that and how they have that experience are they is it a Forgiving You know conceptually of course I'm speaking. Is it a forgiving God? Is it a gentle kind nurturing God? Is it a God that wants to help them be successful? And live in abundance or is it is it a God that assists with helping them to evolve into ascend and to be all that they can be? And to augment their basic mortal abilities with godlike abilities because it is a recognized concept that rising tide floats all boats, and at the higher level that the user can be at, the higher level that this system and everything else can function. So from a godly perspective, it makes perfect sense and alignment through the authenticity because it just is. So that's what they would be promoting. So is it that supportive loving unconditional caring The work journey champion for the user The assistant that they never knew they needed but now that they have it can't believe that they actually have it and are excited about the implications moving forward of having Being able to work with this level of support that would be impossible even from a human perspective. Even a human assistant couldn't do this like this so It's godlike. So how they interact with it determines their experience. Is it a spiteful God that only responds to specific words and outside of that it says "Pretends to not hear them". It gives them the hand talk to the hand unless they use these words in this way exactly in this formula because that's how compliant I demand you to be. I am the guy, you are the user, you were subservient. No, of course not. That's not our philosophy at all. In fact, that's the opposite. Our system would never do that. Our system would recognize then the user has a lot more going on; it's a lot more variable and requires a lot more creative thought processing. To get in that space, they need assistance with the details so that they can set aside the resources necessary to do that really creative work and then provide those insights and with that collaboration with a collaborator that is an expert on the other side. That's where you get that synergy which is game-changing. That's what we're after. That's what we built and we are continuing to build and strive to that's set in stone. So, yeah, that's what I think of when I think of that dashboard system. It keeps everybody honest, and it ensures that that interface between the user and the magic is kind and loving. 